 


Money
Sainsbury's slash the price of their famous Champagne that was crowned best fizz of 2017

By Molly Holt 
504 words
8 December 2017
10:47 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2017 Mirror Group Ltd 

The nation's favourite champers just went on sale

While we're avid Prosecco fans for the rest of the year, Christmas is the one time we can justify going all out, and treating ourselves to some real, fancy fizz.

And perfect timing, asSainsbury'shave just slashed the price of their award-winning Taste the Difference Non-Vintage Brut Champagne, which wonGood Housekeeping Institute's 'best champagne under £40' gongearlier this year.

Usually £18 a bottle, the price has beenslashed to £13.50for Christmas, but there is one small condition... You'll need to buy six bottles or more to bag the discount.

The bargain price tag is all due to Sainsbury's25% off when you buy six bottles or moredeal, that has just launched both online and in stores today.

But Sainsbury's aren't the only ones cutting the prices of their posh fizz, with Marks and Spencer's also currently offering25% off all Champagne and Prosecco when you buy two boxesof the stuff, making it ideal for stocking up for the big day.

Cheap wine deals: The best offers from supermarkets including Tesco and Asda, such as a third off and 6 for £25

Despite the continued rising popularity of alternative sparkling wines, it seems that when it comes to special occasions, for Brits, only Champagne will do. Nearly half of us will toast a special occasion with Champagne (48%), compared to just 27% who think other sparkling wines are up to the job.

Morrisons wine scoops same award as a posh bottle favoured by the Queen - but it's 5 times cheaper

Despite the champagne only going on sale on the 11th November, Sainsbury's is already predicting recording breaking fizz sales on 23rd December, helped by the launch of their new, luxurious champagne.

Christmas Dinner 2017

Apparently shoppers are also twice as likely to gift Champagne over other sparkling wines, with the new look Taste the Difference bottle all-set to impress according to the store.

When to order your Christmas food shop by - plus the best discount codes for your 'big shop' at Tescos, Waitrose, Sainsburys, Asda, M&S and more

Elizabeth Newman, Category Manager, Beers, Wines & Spirits, Sainsbury's said: ""Despite the success of Prosecco, we've found customers still look to Champagne as the go-to choice for special occasions. We're really excited about the new Taste the Difference Non-Vintage Champagne - as a taste profile, it's a new departure for our range and it's been a number of years in the making.

Christmas 2017

"There's no doubt it delivers on taste, but we've also focused on the new look, designing it specifically with gifting in mind. Already an award-winning wine, I'd expect the new NV Brut to be a particularly sought-after bottle. Sales of fizz on the 23rd December are certainly set to be a record breaker."

Document MIRUK00020171207edc70035x




News
University chief paid more than £800,000 in final year

Rosemary Bennett 
504 words
7 December 2017
The Times
T
1; Scotland
2
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2017 

One of the smallest universities in the country paid its vice-chancellor £808,000 in her final year in the job despite the growing row over excessive pay in higher education.

Christina Slade, who was vicechancellor of Bath Spa University until August 2017, was paid a salary of £250,000 in 2016-17, but received an additional £429,000 as "compensation for loss of office", the university's latest financial statements show.

Professor Slade also received a housing allowance of £20,000, other benefits in kind worth £20,000 and pension contributions of £89,000 in her last year, which took her overall remuneration package to £808,000, according to the Times Higher Education newspaper.

News of the package emerged as the higher education watchdog announced that it was investigating the retirement terms for the departing vice-chancellor of the University of Bath, which are also the subject of growing opposition among professors on campus.

The Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE) said it had begun "initial inquiries" after a complaint into governance issues and how the terms were agreed for Dame Glynis Breakwell, 65.

It is understood that the complaint surrounds the way the terms of retirement were reached between council members days before the full council met. Dame Glynis will continue to receive her £468,000 salary package until February 2019, first as vice-chancellor until August next year and then for six months on a paid sabbatical.

Dame Glynis's retirement package is eclipsed by that of her neighbour. Professor Slade, 64, who is from Australia, was almost certainly the UK's highest paid vice-chancellor in 2016-17 with her overall pay package almost 75 per cent higher than the £468,000 in pay and benefits. The pay-off is believed to be a record for a UK university and will intensify calls for tougher scrutiny of uni-versity vice-chancellors' pay. Bath Spa, which has only 7,300 students, said that it had taken account of "relevant HEFCE guidance" before making the award. However, in June HEFCE warned that enhanced severance packages "should not as a rule be provided out of public funds" and must not reward poor performance.

A Bath Spa University spokeswoman added that its remuneration committee, which does not include the vicechancellor, was "mindful of the need to respond to concerns about excessive salaries".

Professor Slade's performance appears to be mixed. In September 2017, international student numbers at the university fell by 30 per cent and domestic and EU intake dipped to 2,100, while two subsidiary companies, Bath Spa U and Bath Spa Global, ran up significant losses, annual accounts show. Sally Hunt, of the University and College Union, said: "We are seeing what happens when decisions are taken in secret without proper checks and balances. This cannot be allowed to continue; we need an urgent overhaul of how senior pay and perks are determined, and how universities are governed."

Document T000000020171207edc7000je




Ponderosa Energy Files Chapter 11 to Avert Foreclosure

by Kirk O'Neil 
504 words
5 December 2017
The Deal
DEALNEW
English
Copyright 2017. The Deal LLC. 

Oil production company Ponderosa Energy LLC and affiliate GS Energy LLC filed for Chapter 11 protection to stave off foreclosure of their assets after their lender Petroleum Production Finance Inc. declared a default on their loans.

The New York-based debtors on Tuesday, Dec. 5, filed their petition in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in Manhattan along with a motion seeking authorization of joint administration of their cases.

Judge Sean H. Lane had not scheduled any hearings for the case as of Tuesday afternoon.

Debtor counsel Charles M. Rubio of Diamond McCarthy LLP was not immediately available for comment.

Representatives of Petroleum Production Finance also were not available for comment.

The debtors, which own oil and gas leases in Texas, in 2016 entered into a secured financing agreements with entities affiliated with Petroleum Production Finance Inc.

The debtors owe lenders PPF 2 LLC and PPF 3 LLC about $4.61 million in loans structured as volumetric production payments. Instead of fixed cash payments, the lender is entitled to monthly revenue from a fixed quantity of future oil production.

The debtors retained ownership of its oil leases, while the lender received a lien on the oil produced from the property's wells. The oil is conveyed to the lender when the facility is funded. The debtor alleged that the secured financing is disguised as a sale of property.

The lender alleged that the VPP structure would be less expensive than an asset-backed loan agreement, but PPF declared a default and sought to foreclose on the debtors' property after the leases produced less oil than expected, according to court papers. <story_page_break />

The debtors had obtain price protection on its oil as part of the financing agreement, which provided oil price rebates to the debtors of 75% of any amount that rose above $28 per barrel.

The debtors allege that the lender engaged in fraudulent, tortious and usurious predatory lending, as it did not pay the debtors millions of dollars in rebates to which they claim to be owed from higher oil prices. They allege the lender failed to provide them with a balance of outstanding debt, refused to provide accurate accounting of the number of barrels delivered and sold, and prevented the debtor from further investing in properties by threatening to foreclose on its assets.

Ponderosa also alleged that the lender did not give prior notice of the alleged default. It also allegedly refused to negotiate any settlement with the debtors.

The debtor filed for Chapter 11 protection to restructure its debts, halt the foreclosure and provide a forum to resolve claims against the lender.

The debtors listed $1 million to $10 million in assets and liabilities in its petition. Their largest unsecured creditors include BP Energy Co. (BP) (owed $628,000), Hutchinson County Tax Office ($33,508), CRL Pump & Supply ($26,877), Midwest Compressor systems ($20,418) and Chase Production Co. ($20,270).

Document DEALNEW020171212edc500006




Press Release
Survey Highlights Need for Kiwis to Plan for Retirement

ANZ Bank 
504 words
6 December 2017
07:55 AM
Scoop.co.nz
SCCONZ
English
Copyright 2017, scoop.co.nz      All Rights Reserved. 

Survey Highlights Need for New Zealanders to Plan for Retirement

ANZ Investments is urging New Zealanders to ensure they are on track for a comfortable retirement, following the release of research showing most people will have to live on just New Zealand Superannuation after 10 years of retirement.

The research, commissioned by the Financial Services Council (FSC), found there is a $218 average after tax weekly gap between what the retired think they need to live comfortably and what they will have.

The research by the FSC also found that those who do expect to have enough to live comfortably are those whose assets are more diversified. However, this is not the case for many New Zealanders.

"We agree with the FSC that people saving for their retirement need more education on the best ways to maximise their savings and to broaden their investments. It's never too early to start planning," said ANZ General Manager of Wealth Products Ana-Marie Lockyer.

That view is shared by the Financial Markets Authority (FMA). "These results reflect what our own work has shown makes people more confident they are prepared for retirement. Starting early, at least 10 years out, and getting help from an adviser, provider or a mix of sources got the best results," said Paul Gregory, the FMA's Director of External Communications and Investor Capability.

ANZ is working with the FMA and the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE) on a behavioural insights trial designed to help people aged 55-64 make informed decisions about their retirement.

"The results from the behavioural insights trial with ANZ will help refine our view of what prompts KiwiSaver members to better prepare for their retirement," said Mr Gregory.

Randomly selected members are receiving targeted communications encouraging them to either check they are on track for retirement by using ANZ's online calculators, or seek financial advice. Six months into the pilot, the results show few are taking matters into their own hands and even fewer are seeking professional advice, even when the advice is free.

"We've targeted those 10 years out from retirement, hoping to encourage active choices around the level of contributions they are making and how best to maximise their assets. However, results suggest there is still strong apathy when it comes to retirement planning," Mrs Lockyer said.

The FSC study found nearly four in 10 retirees regret not having more financial advice. Among those aged 65 and older, 19% wanted advice on how to invest their KiwiSaver funds and 22% would like providers to offer more advice about how to draw down their savings.

"ANZ agrees with the FSC and the FMA that there is a need for financial advice to be more accessible. We are working hard to make our members aware of the range of options that are available - from class to personalised advice, online, face-to-face and on the phone," Mrs Lockyer said.

ENDS

Document SCCONZ0020171206edc50000u




US Pending Home Sales Jump Much More Than Expected In October

504 words
30 November 2017
ITP.net
ITPNT
English
© 2017, ITP.net, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

Primarily reflecting a bounce back in the South after hurricane-related disruptions in the previous month, the National Association of Realtors released a report on Wednesday showing a bigger than expected jump in pending home sales in the US in the month of October.

NAR said its pending home sales index surged up by 3.5% to 109.3 in October after dipping by 0.4% to a downwardly revised 105.6 in September. Economists had expected pending home sales to climb by 1.0%.

A pending home sale is one in which a contract was signed but not yet closed. Normally, it takes four to six weeks to close a contracted sale.

With the much bigger than expected increase, the pending home sales index reached its highest reading since June but is still 0.6% lower than a year ago.

"Last month`s solid increase in contract signings were still not enough to keep activity from declining on an annual basis for the sixth time in seven months," said NAR chief economist Lawrence Yun.

He added, "Home shoppers had better luck finding a home to buy in October, but slim pickings and consistently fast price gains continue to frustrate and prevent too many would-be buyers from reaching the market."

The bigger than expected increase in pending home sales came as pending sales in the South spiked by 7.4% in October after slumping by 3.0% in September.

Pending home sales in the Midwest also showed a notable 2.8% increase, while pending sales in the Northeast edged up by 0.5%. On the other hand, pending sales in the West fell by 0.7%.

Yun forecast existing home sales to finish at around 5.52 million for the year, which would be an increase of 1.3% from 2016. The national median existing home price is expected to increase around 6%.

On Monday, the Commerce Department released a report showing an unexpected jump in new home sales in the month of October.

The report showed new home sales surged up by 6.2% to an annual rate of 685,000 in October from the revised September rate of 645,000.

The notable increase surprised economists, who had expected new home sales to drop to a rate of 625,000 from the 667,000 originally reported for the previous month.

With the unexpected increase, new home sales reached their highest annual rate since hitting 727,000 in October of 2007.

NAR released a separate report last Tuesday showing existing home sales jumped by much more than anticipated in the month of October.

The report said existing home sales surged up by 2.0% to an annual rate of 5.48 million in October from a downwardly revised 5.37 million in September.

Economists had expected existing home sales to climb by 0.7% to a rate of 5.43 million from the 5.39 million originally reported for the previous month.

Document ITPNT00020171130edbu000b5


FOS tells Prudential to pay out £250 after admin error

Hannah.Godfrey@incisivemedia.com(Hannah Godfrey) 
504 words
24 November 2017
Professional Adviser
PROFADV
English
© 2017 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

The FOS has told Prudential to compensate a customer £250 for causing him "trouble" and "distress" after failing properly to administer his address during a pension-planning process.

According to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) decision, Mr G completed a form in November 2016 notifying Prudential of his intention to take his pension benefits once he turned 75. Confusion over his correct home address followed between him and his adviser and Prudential.

Upholding the complaint, the FOS concluded the delay caused to the payment of Mr G's pension was due to Prudential not updating his address details. The investigator said this caused Mr G a great deal of stress, and said Prudential should pay him £250 in compensation.

Prudential disagreed with the adjudicator's view. It agreed it caused some delays, but argued other delays were caused by Mr G. It also said it did not believe Mr G had lost out financially as a result. It thought £100 in compensation would be fairer.

The final verdict lay with ombudsman Nadya Chandra, who upheld Mr G's complaint. She said Mr G had not changed his address for several years and, because Prudential sent some information to his correct address and some to an incorrect address, she did not think the incorrect address details were down to Mr G not keeping his address updated.

She concluded that Prudential should pay the £250 to Mr G "to compensate him for the trouble he's been through and the distress that has been caused to him".

According to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) decision, Mr G completed a form in November 2016 notifying Prudential of his intention to take his pension benefits once he turned 75. Confusion over his correct home address followed between him and his adviser and Prudential.

Upholding the complaint, the FOS concluded the delay caused to the payment of Mr G's pension was due to Prudential not updating his address details. The investigator said this caused Mr G a great deal of stress, and said Prudential should pay him £250 in compensation.

Prudential disagreed with the adjudicator's view. It agreed it caused some delays, but argued other delays were caused by Mr G. It also said it did not believe Mr G had lost out financially as a result. It thought £100 in compensation would be fairer.

The final verdict lay with ombudsman Nadya Chandra, who upheld Mr G's complaint. She said Mr G had not changed his address for several years and, because Prudential sent some information to his correct address and some to an incorrect address, she did not think the incorrect address details were down to Mr G not keeping his address updated.

She concluded that Prudential should pay the £250 to Mr G "to compensate him for the trouble he's been through and the distress that has been caused to him".

To view photo, click here.

Document PROFADV020171124edbo00004


Watchdog's resignation puts consumers at risk

504 words
17 November 2017
Portland Press Herald
PTPH
A.1
English
© 2017 Portland Press Herald. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

Maine's senators should resist efforts to replace Richard Cordray with a compliant figurehead.

If you're completely confident that your money and personal information are safe in the hands of the financial services industry - and if you don't have a credit card, a mortgage, a student loan or a bank account - there's no need for concern about the pending resignation of the nation's top consumer advocate.

The rest of us, on the other hand, should be very worried about the near-certainty that the next head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will be someone bent on gutting it rather than ensuring that it's better equipped to do its job.

Richard Cordray's announcement Wednesday that he plans to step down by the end of the month follows a tumultuous first six years for the bureau, the only federal agency solely dedicated to protecting Americans from harmful banking and lending practices.

Banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers and their Republican allies in Washington have long been critical of the bureau, but their efforts to weaken its oversight of unfair, illegal or predatory practices didn't pay off until Donald Trump was in office.

The Trump administration's approach to financial regulation can be summed up in three words: Foxes, meet henhouse. White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, a tea party Republican who's tried to kill the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, could be appointed its acting director as soon as Friday - the day after Joseph Otting, a former banker who was investigated over his bank's home foreclosure practices, was confirmed as the leading regulator of large national lenders.

Former Wall Street lawyers Jay Clayton and Randal Quarles, the industry insiders nominated, respectively, to run the Securities and Exchange Commission and oversee Wall Street's largest banks, had already gotten the green light from the Senate.

Maine's two senators, Republican Susan Collins and independent Angus King, should push back early and often against efforts by the White House to replace Cordray as permanent Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director with a figurehead who would stand by quietly as Congress repeals the bureau's consumer complaint system, reduces its ability to make rules and bars it from penalizing the institutions it regulates - among other proposals to neuter the agency.

The bureau has been a much-needed champion for the average American. It played a key role in investigating Wells Fargo for creating millions of fake customer accounts and fined the bank $185 million. It's returned $60 million to service members charged excess interest on student loans; military families dealing with illegal foreclosures and predatory lenders have gotten back $120 million.

All told, about 29 million Americans have gotten back nearly $12 billion as a result of the bureau's efforts. If Maine's senators help put in place someone whose goal is to undo these safeguards, the people who stand to lose out - their constituents - should be prepared to hold them accountable.

Document PTPH000020171117edbh0008n


Lifestyle,Money
Two Scottish cities are fastest places to sell a house in the whole of the UK

By Vicky Shaw 
504 words
17 November 2017
09:06 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2017 Trinity Mirror 

Sellers at locations north of the border are enjoying shorter periods on the market than elsewhere.

House sellers can expect theirpropertyto take just over three months to sell, according to a report.

While the average UK home takes 96 days to sell, up from 91 days a year ago, properties in the Scottish cities ofEdinburghandGlasgowwere found to typically spend around half this time on the market before being snapped up, at 41 days and 50 days respectively.

Post Office Money released the findings after commissioning the Centre for Economics and Business Research (Cebr) to look at average selling times across a selection of UK towns and cities.

Fastest cities to sell a home

It found that homes in Liverpool and Belfast take the longest to sell, at 112 days and 119 days respectively.

Homes in London are also taking longer to sell than the average across the urban areas analysed, at 111 days typically.

House prices have risen in each of the cities analysed in this report over the last year, by 5% on average.

Video: 6 Kirklee Terrace townhouse

The areas that'll take you longer to sell up

Owen Woodley, managing director of Post Office Money, said: "If a sale moves faster, or takes longer than planned, buyers can face unexpected costs."

House prices slashed across the country as desperate sellers knock thousands off home values

Here are Post Office Money's top tips for home-buyers:

If you are buying in an area with a slower sale rate, an ability to move faster may provide an opportunity to negotiate with the current owners on the house price.

Think ahead about what stop-gaps such as renting or staying with friends are most financially viable to you if you are in a chain - particularly if sales in your area tend to complete faster than where you are moving to.

Use average sale rates to help plan for extra costs if your home takes longer to sell than expected. Paying council tax, home insurance and service charges on two properties can quickly add up.

If you are currently renting, discuss options with your landlord - just in case you need to stay longer than planned in your rental property.

Post Office Money also has tips for sellers, from NAEA (National Association of Estate Agents) Propertymark:

First impressions are key, so make sure the property looks well-maintained and cared for from the outside.

Anything too personalised can be a turn-off, so keeping colours neutral can help.

Clear your garden of any litter and make sure the lawn is mowed, leaves are raked away, weeds are removed and overgrown trees are cut back.

Giving your kitchen a quick freshen-up is a cost-effective way to improve the appearance of your home. Giving cabinets a quick lick of paint, or replacing the doors and handles can bring instant appeal.

Top news stories today

Document DRECRONL20171117edbh0012y




Money
POUND OF JOY Pound to dollar exchange rate - sterling gets welcome boost from positive retail sales shopping figures

By Paul Harper 
504 words
17 November 2017
07:01 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2017 

Sterling was up against the US dollar after October's retail sales data was better than had been forecast.

THE pound is up against the US dollar this morning (Friday November 17) after October's positive shopping sales data.

Sterling was up 0.39 per cent on 1.3246 after the figures showed a contraction on the year of -0.3 per cent rather than the -0.4 per cent drop forecast.

BRC Chief Executive Helen Dickinson recently called on Philip Hammond to deliver a budget for shoppers later this month in order to keep spending strong and shore up the UK economy.

She said: "Considering the intrinsic link between consumer spending and economic growth, the chancellor should reflect on this disappointing state of play and deliver a budget that allays the risks of a further slowdown in consumer spending, by keeping down the cost of living. In other words, a shoppers' budget."

The Bank of England last week raised interest rates by 0.25 per cent to 0.50 per cent for the first time in ten years after the economy grew more quickly than expected in the third quarter of this year.

Sterling did fall sharply on the day as markets appeared to have fully priced the interest rate rise in a reaction to the announcement.

More fluctuations in the pound to dollar exchange rate are expected as US investors speculate on who will become the next head of the Federal Reserve - the American version of the Bank of England.

The pound is also affected by domestic affairs, with Brexit a source of worry for some investors.

Recent news has increased economic uncertainty, which can give the market jitters.CASH IN

How to get the best deal on YOUR holiday money?

li - you'll always be able to beat the rate with a bit of forward planningCompare travel money companies online

li- Factor in delivery costs and choose the option that gives you the most cash to spend on holiday. If you've left it until the last minute order online for airport collection so you get the best of both worlds.Use comparison tools

li - MoneySavingExpert's TravelMoneyMax enables you to compare pick-up and pre-order rates.Don't pay for travel money with a credit card

li - it's likely you'll be charged a cash withdrawal fee which adds to the cost.Top up a prepaid card to lock in your rate now

li- Choose your card and read the T&Cs carefully as some apply hefty fees. WeSwap, FairFX and Caxton FX are all worth checking out.Always choose to pay in the local currency rather than sterling

li - This will help you avoid sneaky exchange feesWe pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516

Document THESUK0020171117edbh00232




With LTC hybrid sales humming, why there's still room to grow

Tobias Salinger 
504 words
13 November 2017
Financial Planning Online
FPLFO
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2017 Arizent. All rights reserved. 

Life insurance and annuities with long-term care riders have far surpassed standalone LTC insurance policies in sales, with tens of millions of Americans aged 50 or older still lacking any coverage, according to LIMRA data.

Less than 7% of consumers over age 50 have LTC coverage, two experts from the industry research organization and its Secure Retirement Institute said in an analysis last week. Yet 52% of seniors 65 and older will need long-term services, according to the Department of Health and Human Services.

Standalone policies usually offer more robust benefits, but higher prices and carriers' exits from the market over profitability concerns have cut sales by more than a half over the past five years, LIMRA says. Hybrid life policies and annuities have more than gobbled up the difference, with more than $4 billion in sales last year.

The gap in coverage remains, though. By 2040, LIMRA predicts 82 million Americans will be retired. Fewer than 40 million people aged 65 or above had left the labor force in 2016, according to labor participation rates from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

In light of the need and the demographics trends, clients and advisors aren't discussing LTC enough, according to studies cited by HHS and private-sector experts on aging. Current sales fill some of the demand, but insurers will need to expand their offerings to tap the market, LIMRA says.

"A lot of the innovation in new life products has come from carriers that were already in the market. For annuity/LTC combination products, the market is a niche where only a handful of companies are actively offering products," LIMRA researchers Todd Giesing and Elaine Tumicki wrote in an email.

"While sales have been on the rise, the number of carriers active in this market have declined slightly over the past few years."

LONG-TERM TRENDS IN LONG-TERM CARE

LIMRA has been tracking LTC insurance sales since the early '90s, when few combination or hybrid products had hit the market, according to the researchers. The organization started measuring hybrid sales in 2006, and 20 to 25 firms now offer life insurance policies with LTC or chronic illness benefits.

Total premiums of $3.6 billion from hybrid life policies last year were nearly 16 times those of standalone LTC insurance, LIMRA says. Hybrid annuity premiums outpaced standalone premiums in 2014.

Some six out of 10 consumers say they would consider such combination products, according to the researchers. The hybrids offer greater flexibility than standalone policies, although the products' costs and benefits vary too much to compare their prices against each other, say Giesing and Tumicki.

"While we don't expect to see a rise in individual LTCI sales soon, combination products are a great way to fill the gap the declining individual long-term care insurance sales has left, while still meeting at least a portion of consumers' long-term care needs," according to their analysis.

Document FPLFO00020171113edbd0008d


With LTC hybrid sales humming, why there's still room to grow

Tobias Salinger 
504 words
13 November 2017
On Wall Street Online
OWSTOL
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2017 On Wall Street and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Life insurance and annuities with long-term care riders have far surpassed standalone LTC insurance policies in sales, with tens of millions of Americans aged 50 or older still lacking any coverage, according to LIMRA data.

Less than 7% of consumers over age 50 have LTC coverage, two experts from the industry research organization and its Secure Retirement Institute said in an analysis last week. Yet 52% of seniors 65 and older will need long-term services, according to the Department of Health and Human Services.

Standalone policies usually offer more robust benefits, but higher prices and carriers' exits from the market over profitability concerns have cut sales by more than a half over the past five years, LIMRA says. Hybrid life policies and annuities have more than gobbled up the difference, with more than $4 billion in sales last year.

The gap in coverage remains, though. By 2040, LIMRA predicts 82 million Americans will be retired. Fewer than 40 million people aged 65 or above had left the labor force in 2016, according to labor participation rates from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

In light of the need and the demographics trends, clients and advisors aren't discussing LTC enough, according to studies cited by HHS and private-sector experts on aging. Current sales fill some of the demand, but insurers will need to expand their offerings to tap the market, LIMRA says.

"A lot of the innovation in new life products has come from carriers that were already in the market. For annuity/LTC combination products, the market is a niche where only a handful of companies are actively offering products," LIMRA researchers Todd Giesing and Elaine Tumicki wrote in an email.

"While sales have been on the rise, the number of carriers active in this market have declined slightly over the past few years."

LONG-TERM TRENDS IN LONG-TERM CARE

LIMRA has been tracking LTC insurance sales since the early '90s, when few combination or hybrid products had hit the market, according to the researchers. The organization started measuring hybrid sales in 2006, and 20 to 25 firms now offer life insurance policies with LTC or chronic illness benefits.

Total premiums of $3.6 billion from hybrid life policies last year were nearly 16 times those of standalone LTC insurance, LIMRA says. Hybrid annuity premiums outpaced standalone premiums in 2014.

Some six out of 10 consumers say they would consider such combination products, according to the researchers. The hybrids offer greater flexibility than standalone policies, although the products' costs and benefits vary too much to compare their prices against each other, say Giesing and Tumicki.

"While we don't expect to see a rise in individual LTCI sales soon, combination products are a great way to fill the gap the declining individual long-term care insurance sales has left, while still meeting at least a portion of consumers' long-term care needs," according to their analysis.

Document OWSTOL0020180312edbd0005l




With LTC hybrid sales humming, why there's still room to grow

Tobias Salinger 
504 words
13 November 2017
Bank Investment Consultant
BINV
Vol.1, No.1
English
(c) 2017 Bank Investment Consultant and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Life insurance and annuities with long-term care riders have far surpassed standalone LTC insurance policies in sales, with tens of millions of Americans aged 50 or older still lacking any coverage, according to LIMRA data.

Less than 7% of consumers over age 50 have LTC coverage, two experts from the industry research organization and its Secure Retirement Institute said in an analysis last week. Yet 52% of seniors 65 and older will need long-term services, according to the Department of Health and Human Services.

Standalone policies usually offer more robust benefits, but higher prices and carriers' exits from the market over profitability concerns have cut sales by more than a half over the past five years, LIMRA says. Hybrid life policies and annuities have more than gobbled up the difference, with more than $4 billion in sales last year.

The gap in coverage remains, though. By 2040, LIMRA predicts 82 million Americans will be retired. Fewer than 40 million people aged 65 or above had left the labor force in 2016, according to labor participation rates from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

In light of the need and the demographics trends, clients and advisors aren't discussing LTC enough, according to studies cited by HHS and private-sector experts on aging. Current sales fill some of the demand, but insurers will need to expand their offerings to tap the market, LIMRA says.

"A lot of the innovation in new life products has come from carriers that were already in the market. For annuity/LTC combination products, the market is a niche where only a handful of companies are actively offering products," LIMRA researchers Todd Giesing and Elaine Tumicki wrote in an email.

"While sales have been on the rise, the number of carriers active in this market have declined slightly over the past few years."

LONG-TERM TRENDS IN LONG-TERM CARE

LIMRA has been tracking LTC insurance sales since the early '90s, when few combination or hybrid products had hit the market, according to the researchers. The organization started measuring hybrid sales in 2006, and 20 to 25 firms now offer life insurance policies with LTC or chronic illness benefits.

Total premiums of $3.6 billion from hybrid life policies last year were nearly 16 times those of standalone LTC insurance, LIMRA says. Hybrid annuity premiums outpaced standalone premiums in 2014.

Some six out of 10 consumers say they would consider such combination products, according to the researchers. The hybrids offer greater flexibility than standalone policies, although the products' costs and benefits vary too much to compare their prices against each other, say Giesing and Tumicki.

"While we don't expect to see a rise in individual LTCI sales soon, combination products are a great way to fill the gap the declining individual long-term care insurance sales has left, while still meeting at least a portion of consumers' long-term care needs," according to their analysis.

Document BINV000020181116edbd000dz




Money
WEIGHED DOWN Mum-of-two shocked to find tin of Aldi pineapple slices with dozens of 1p coins glued around inside of tin

By Rob Goodman 
504 words
10 November 2017
12:31 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2017 

Kelly Gray is absolutely baffled about why the coins were in her can of sliced fruit

A MUM-OF-TWO was shocked to discover that her tin of Aldi pineapple slices was full of 1p coins GLUED around the inside of the can.

Kelly Gray is a regular shopper at one of the budget supermarket's stores in Rochdale but was left baffled when she tried to open one of its cans earlier this week.

Kelly, 39, claims she found more than 100 pennies stuck to the inside of the tin after its ring-pull failed to open the can properly.

She told The Sun Online: "I often buy the pineapple slices - the kids have them for their tea - and after they went to bed, I thought I'd have some.

"The ring-pull didn't open the can so I used a can opener on the bottom of it instead.

"At first I thought the pineapple had gone bad or gone off, it looked rotten or like it was full of mouldy worms.

"It was this white squiggly stuff inside and I poked it with a knife and could see the top of one penny.

"I pulled the glue away from the side and could see all the pennies stacked there - there must be more than 100 pennies in there. It's the strangest thing."

Kelly is a regular shopper at Aldi in her home town of Rochdale[/caption]

Kelly said after chatting with her friends and son Will, 13, and daughter Katie, 11, about the mystery, she thinks the pennies could have been stuck there to make-up the weight of the can - 423 grams.

"It's the only thing we can really think of," she said.

"But even then, it's weird that someone has gone to all that effort to put a load of coins inside a can so perfectly.

"I wonder how it got through and ended up on the shelves."WINNER DINNER

Aldi's new ready meals are bigger and up to 43 per cent cheaper than those sold at Waitrose, Tesco and Sainsbury's

A spokeswoman for the supermarket told The Sun Online that it has contacted its supplier to investigate how this could have happened.

She said: "We are attempting to speak with Ms Gray to understand more about this matter so we can carry out a full investigation.

"We sell hundreds of thousands of units of this product every year, and have never received an enquiry of this nature.

"Our supplier has robust food safety standards and checks in place, and we have raised this with them so that they can look into how this isolated incident could have occurred."We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516

Document THESUK0020171109edb9004bo


Govt urged to extend salary exchange arrangements to low-paid

Kim Kaveh 
504 words
6 November 2017
Professional Pensions
PROFPEN
English
© 2017 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

Employees on low wages should be allowed to share in the benefits of a salary exchange for pensions, according to Royal London and Radcliffe & Co.

On behalf of both firms, Royal London's director of policy Steve Webb wrote a letter to the secretary of state for business energy & industrial strategy MP Greg Clark last month, calling for changes to be made to salary exchange rules, even if it takes low-paid earners' wages below the minimum level.

A salary exchange arrangement allows a worker and employer to come to an agreement, whereby pension contributions are made wholly by an employer, rather than split between the employer and employee.

The letter explained how under normal circumstances, any money paid in wages is subject to employer and employee National Insurance Contributions (NICs), even if it is then paid by the worker into a pension scheme.

It was argued if pension contributions were to go directly from the firm into the pension, rather than via the worker, it would reduce the total NICs bill, to the potential benefit of both the worker and the firm.

Webb said: "Having written to the government about this issue, I hope that they will change the rules and allow lower-paid workers to share in the benefits of these arrangements.

"It is hard to think that those who wrote the minimum wage legislation wanted to exclude low-paid workers from these potential advantages."

He added there is already an exemption for salary exchange type arrangements whereby a worker gets free accommodation as part of their job.

"Their 'headline' wage can be below the minimum wage level as long as the value of the free accommodation would take them over the minimum.

"A similar approach should apply to pensions, and the Low Pay Commission should review the current rules in the interest of lower-paid workers and their long-term retirement prospects.

"Given the Treasury has specifically decided that employer pension contributions should continue to benefit from salary sacrifice arrangements, it seems unfair that lower-paid workers are currently missing out."

HM Treasury reviewed the operation of 'Salary Sacrifice' schemes in December 2016.  In that consultation it reported clearance requests for salary sacrifice schemes between 2009/10 and 2014/15 increased by a third.

The National Living Wage is currently £7.50 an hour for the over-25s or £13,650 a year for a 35-hour week.

The Treasury estimates around 2.9 million workers will be on the national living wage rate by 2020.

Radcliffe & Co financial adviser and assistant director Marc Cumberlege argued this is not just a theoretical issue.

"I who have come across employers want to deliver high quality pension provision to their staff in a cost-effective way and risk falling foul of minimum wage legislation if they do so.

"Salary exchange arrangements can be mutually beneficial to workers and employers alike and should be available to all."

To view photo, click here. 

Document PROFPEN020171106edb60002v




Personal Finance Daily
Personal Finance
YouTube's new profiles for children have privacy experts concerned and has Apple lost the plot with the $1,000 iPhone X? Friday's top personal finance stories

Alessandra Malito, MarketWatch 
504 words
4 November 2017
08:12 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Happy Friday, MarketWatchers! Here are your top personal finance stories of the day.

Personal Finance

Has Apple lost the plot with the $1,000 iPhone X?

Analysts weigh in on whether the new smartphone costs too much.

The 2007 iPhone will cost you 15 times more than the iPhone X

As Apple releases the 10th-anniversary iPhone, some people are still holding onto the original version.

Why Tim Cook was wrong to compare the iPhone X to the price of coffee

Down payments, weddings and now even the iPhone X are compared to coffee.

Sexual harassment could range from a joke or a compliment to even a look

Women talk about the more insidious, often unseen side of sexual harassment.

YouTube's new profiles for children have privacy experts very concerned

The video streaming platform announced new 'kid profiles.'

How late is too late to turn someone in for sexual assault?

Laws for prosecuting sexual offenders vary by state.

Under Trump's tax plan, divorces are about to get a lot nastier

The administration's tax plan eliminates the tax deduction on alimony.

Could Google soon dominate flight searches?

The company will shut down a flight feed used by third-party travel companies.

How the GOP tax bill will impact you if you're middle-class - or even rich

Everything you wanted to know about the tax bill by MarketWatch's Tax Guy.

Trump's tax plan for children benefits wealthier families

Trump signaled a hike in tax credits for child care, the first since 2003, but it never came.

Elsewhere on MarketWatch

U.S. adds 261,000 jobs in October in hurricane-inflated gain

The U.S. economy added 261,000 jobs in October as employment rebounded from a slump in the prior month due to hurricanes Harvey and Irma

How abolishing the 'green-card lottery' would harm U.S. workers

Moving to a merit-based system would create more competition for jobs, hurting Americans.

The idea that daylight-saving time saves energy is a myth

Research shows that springing forward and falling back is more burden than boon.

Here are the winners and losers of the tax plan, by income bracket

By and large, Americans of all incomes will benefit from the Tax Cuts & Jobs Act that House Republicans have offered.

Factory jobs are in; retail jobs are out

Mining and manufacturing are hiring again, but retail employment has collapsed this year.

The Trump tax calculator - will you pay more or less?

House Republicans on Thursday unveiled their new tax cut legislation - and MarketWatch now has updated the calculator to match.

Blame the Internet for your stingy paychecks

Are smartphones, computers and the internet responsible for your meager pay raises each year? One investment pro thinks so.

Haven't subscribed yet to MarketWatch's daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here.

Document MRKWC00020171103edb3004mp


Pensions
Tide of consultation on the way as minister indicates regulatory timetable

504 words
20 October 2017
Retirement Planner
RETIPLA
English
© 2017 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

A raft of consultations and draft regulations will greet the industry over the coming weeks and months, the pensions and financial inclusion minister confirms.

In the run-up to Christmas, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will issue consultations on new measures, as well as provide updates on work started earlier in the year.

Speaking at the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association's (PLSA) annual conference on 19 October, Guy Opperman MP said he has "a very busy period of time up to Christmas".

"Going forward, I'm pleased to come into this role at a time when there is a great deal of consensus on strategy for pension reform," he added. "I also fully understand the long time horizons involved in pensions. It is clearly a long-term game so we need a well thought-out approach built on solid evidence."

Draft regulations for The Pensions Regulator's (TPR) master trust authorisation and supervision regime, which was promised in the Pension Schemes Act 2017, are expected to be consulted on before Christmas, before coming into effect next October.

Meanwhile, the DWP will also consult "very shortly" on charge caps and transparency in defined contribution schemes, Opperman confirmed, while a separate consultation on disclosure of costs and charges to DC members will be published "in due course".

The department will also respond to a number of consultations it has issued over the past 12 months.

Opperman said he expects to report to Parliament on the much anticipated review of auto-enrolment (AE) - which is covering areas around engagement, coverage and contributions - in the week beginning 4 December.

He added the DWP was also taking over the governmental lead on the dashboard project and that he expected to provide an update next Spring.

Meanwhile, the department has also promised to issue its white paper on defined benefit (DB) security and sustainability late winter and by the end of February.

It will also set out its final views on allowing bulk DC transfers without members' consent, which it consulted on last December "in the next few weeks".

Finally, the Financial Guidance and Claims Bill - which includes provisions to merge The Pensions Advisory Service, Money Advice Service, and Pension Wise into a single financial guidance body - is expected to receive Royal Assent in spring.

Despite all of the work, however, it may be difficult for pensions legislation to receive parliamentary time. A senior DWP civil servant also told the conference that it would be unlikely for any measures from the DB white paper to be legislated for before the 2020s.

Meanwhile, Opperman said eagerly anticipated measures to tackle scammers, particularly by introduction of a ban on cold-calling, would only be legislated for "as soon as parliamentary time allows".

The minister also told the conference the industry needs to "evangelise pensions and savings" as one voice.

The post Tide of consultation on the way as minister indicates regulatory timetable appeared first on Retirement Planner.

Document RETIPLA020171020edak00001


Pensions
Lloyds acquires Zurich's workplace pensions and savings business

504 words
12 October 2017
Retirement Planner
RETIPLA
English
© 2017 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

Lloyds Banking Group has acquired Zurich's UK workplace pensions and savings business, which it said would accelerate the development of its adviser-based offering.

The acquisition added more than £15bn assets under administration and 500,000 customers to the business.

It will see Zurich gain exclusive distribution rights for group life protection to certain corporate clients of Lloyds' commercial banking services.

Lloyds said it planned to boost subsidiary Scottish Widows' workplace savings platform. The firm manages more than £124bn of funds, of which £35bn is workplace pensions business.

It also intends to provide a flexible investment capability to support advisers to create bespoke client investments and access assets not previously available via Scottish Widows.

As part of the transaction some 200 Zurich employees - including key management, relationship managers, technical experts and operations staff, located primarily in Cheltenham - are expected to transfer to Lloyds.

The acquisition is expected to partially close in the first quarter of 2018, with subsequent completion and transfer of assets following the required regulatory and legal approvals.

Wealth management push

In August, it was reported Lloyds was targeting a "big push" into the wealth management market to capitalise on pension freedom reforms, as part of a three-year growth plan.

On twitter, Platforum head Heather Hopkins said the acquisition had made Lloyds the third largest workplace provider after L&G and Aviva, according to its own data:

Lloyds acquires Zurich's workplace business. Makes them 3rd largest workplace provider after L&G and Aviva according to @theplatforum data

- heatherahopkins (@heatherahopkins) October 12, 2017

Lloyds director and Scottish Widows insurance and wealth chief executive Antonio Lorenzo said: "Today's announcement is a clear signal of our commitment to the financial planning and retirement segment.

"The acquisition of Zurich Corporate Savings complements Scottish Widows' growth to date and provides us with an ideal opportunity to accelerate our goal to become a market leader in this important sector for advisers and customers.

"The greater proposition choice created through this acquisition will help us meet adviser and customer demands and ensure we continue to evolve our service proposition so that we are easy to do business with."

Zurich UK chief executive Tulsi Naidu added: "We see today's announcement as a very positive step forward for our business. We are simplifying our organisation and focusing on markets where we have strong assets and can best serve our customers and distributors.

"Our UK life and savings strategy is simple - to establish market leading positions in retail wealth, and retail and corporate protection, while growing our new corporate longevity and de-risking business."

She added: "This new exclusive deal with Lloyds broadens our corporate protection distribution footprint. To support our other ambitious growth plans, we are also investing in a new multi-million pound retail protection platform and enhancing the range of products on our retail wealth platform."

The post Lloyds acquires Zurich's workplace pensions and savings business appeared first on Retirement Planner.

Document RETIPLA020171012edac00001




Odgers Law Group Provides Advanced Estate Planning Strategies for Individuals and Families

504 words
9 October 2017
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2017, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Odgers Law Group offers advanced estate planning strategies for individuals and families looking for asset protection or to save money on estate taxes.

San Diego, California - - Odgers Law Group is an Estate Planning law firm and they help families plan for their estates and for their beneficiaries, both during life and legacy planning. The legal advice given will help families pass on their morals as well their assets as secure and efficient as possible.

Odgers Law Group offers many different Estate planning services including Gifting Strategies, Estate Tax Planning, Grantor Retained Interest Trusts, Tax Basis Irrevocable Trusts, Family Limited Partnerships, IRA Trusts, Revocable Living Trusts, Irrevocable Life Insurance Trusts, and Domestic and Over Seas Asset Protection Trusts. Contacting Odgers Law Group for a consultation is one of the best steps to start to protect your assets and estate. The company works with the vision to transform the money spent by the client into the solution that would enhance their lives.

Odgers Law Group a leading law firm made up of San Diego Estate Planning Attorney. It is one of the top firms where clients go to be assured of the legal security for their assets. The experienced team of Odgers provides specifically tailored excellent solutions to assets protection and estate planning. When you reach out to Odgers Law Group you will connect with an Estate Planning Attorney who will help you meet all of you and your families legacy goals.

The spokesperson stated, "A well-crafted estate plan should provide for your loved ones in an effective and efficient manner by avoiding conservatorship during your lifetime, probate at death, estate taxes and unnecessary delays. You should consult with one of our qualified estate planning attorneys to review your family and financial situation, your goals and explain the various options available to you. Once your estate plan is in place, you will have peace of mind knowing that you have provided for yourself and your family."

The company also provides in-home estate planning services and virtual estate planning services to the different regions of southern California such as Poway, Rancho Bernardo, Ramona, Carmel Valley, Del Mar, Encinitas, Cardiff, Ramona, Solana Beach, Vista, San Marcos, Clairemont, Pacific Beach, and La Jolla to name the few.

About Odgers Law Group

Odgers Law Group also offers more advanced estate planning strategies for individuals and families looking for asset protection or to save money on estate taxes.

For more details, visit https://odgerslawgroup.com/california-estate-planning-attorney/

Media Contact

Company Name: Odgers Law Group

Contact Person: Matthew Odgers

Email: matthew@odgerslawgroup.com

Phone: 858-869-1114

Address:13400 Sabre Springs Pkwy #275

City: San Diego

State: California

Country: United States

Website: odgerslawgroup.com

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020171010eda9001p7


Deloitte; Deloitte Survey: Defined Contribution Plan Sponsors Are Maximizing Their Fiduciary Responsibility from Oversight to Participant Experience

504 words
6 October 2017
Obesity, Fitness & Wellness Week
OBWK
683
English
© Copyright 2017 Obesity, Fitness & Wellness Week via NewsRx.com 

2017 OCT 14 (NewsRx) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Obesity, Fitness & Wellness Week -- Deloitte's 15th " Annual Defined Contribution Benchmarking Survey" found that with current regulatory uncertainty and increasing litigation from plan participants, defined contribution plan sponsors are focusing on their fiduciary responsibilities by shifting investments to lower cost options, utilizing direct fees, and simplifying investment approaches. These actions aim to help participants tackle their future retirement income needs.

With nearly 240 plan sponsors participating, this year's survey indicates an overwhelming push for plan sponsors to determine participant income replacement ratios by conducting retirement readiness assessments. In fact, 35 percent of plan sponsors are doing so, representing a 23 percentage point increase over Deloitte's last survey. The evolving legislative landscape, shifting fiduciary responsibilities and efforts by organizations to optimize their human capital balance sheets are factors driving plan sponsors to simplify offerings and help participants adequately manage their retirement income needs.

"As contribution and investment decisions move from the hands of finance departments to individual participants, the expertise of plan sponsors has shifted from a financial management role to a keen attention on their fiduciary oversight role," said Stacy Sandler, principal, Deloitte Consulting LLP. "By acting in the best interest of plan participants, plan sponsors are offering holistic tactics to support participant financial wellness and focusing on simplifying the plan offerings. A critical component of that is making sure sponsors better educate employees on options and help them to fully utilize the financial tools and resources available to them."

Financial Wellness Takes Center Stage

Plan sponsors have responded to an increased focus on their fiduciary role and financial wellness concerns by taking behavioral finance approaches and leveraging tailored technological solutions at their disposal. This is in line with findings from Deloitte's survey, which indicates that 66 percent of employers want providers to focus on enhanced plan sponsor websites and tools that will help them identify where to concentrate their education efforts.

Plan sponsors have been concentrating on getting the right messages to the right audiences in the right way. The most popular form of communication is demographic targeting, with 65 percent of employers using it, compared to 54 percent using activity-based and 45 percent using behavior-based targeting. Financial analytics are also playing an increasingly important role in broader financial wellness and through integration with defined contribution plan offerings. In fact, 65 percent of those surveyed have cited the introduction or enhancement of "auto-pilot" solutions, such as auto-enrollment, step-up features and managed accounts, bringing automatic enrollment to the third most cited reason for participation in this year's survey. Additionally, as organizations seek to become digital, the availability of mobile transactions for managing defined contribution accounts has tripled since 2013.

Keywords for this news article include: Deloitte, Wellness, Investing.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2017, NewsRx LLC

Document OBWK000020171006eda60005m




Business
Royal Mail staff set to strike over pensions blow

Simon English 
504 words
3 October 2017
10:51 PM
London Evening Standard Online
NSONL
English
(c) 2017 Evening Standard Limited. 

RoyalMail workers are on the verge of an historic strike in a huge row over pensions that threatens to jeopardise attempts to modernise the company.

The Communication Workers Union was on Tuesday poised to announce that 110,000 members had voted for industrial action over Christmas - the first since the Royal Mail was privatised four years ago.

Union watchers see the case as the first major test of the Government's controversial Trade Union Act, which requires strike ballots to have a 50% turnout.

The union was expected to say that it had passed this milestone easily as it fights plans to ditch postal workers valuable final salary pension schemes.

An analysis of the CWU's own finances however suggests it might struggle to fund a strike for very long.

The latest report and account show it ran up a deficit last year of £5.4 million as expenses topped income. The CWU general fund is also £14.5 million in the red.

The accounts reveal that the CWU gave £500,000 to the Labour Party, which some in the delivery sector think ironic since the party hasn't used Royal Mail for several years, preferring Whistle for its own deliveries.

The union accuses the Royal Mail of a "relentless" programme of cost-cutting to maximise profits.

The union accused the company of "unilaterally" closing its defined benefit, or final salary, pension scheme, with new entrants going into an "inferior" scheme which will leave them in "pensioner poverty".

CWU general secretary Dave Ward said: "Postal workers are under relentless pressure to work faster, harder and cheaper. This has nothing to do with driving growth and innovation, it's all about the tired old thinking of privatisation and asset-stripping."

A Royal Mail spokesman said: "There are no grounds for industrial action. There is a very good deal on the table. Industrial action - or the threat of it - undermines the trust of our customers. We remain committed to reaching a negotiated agreement with the CWU on pay and pensions, and other issues we have been discussing."

Royal Mail shares were today steady at 383p. They hit 600p in early 2014.

Royal Mail argues it is operating in the most competitive delivery market in the world, with 16 major competitors including Amazon, which now does one in every ten parcel delivery.

Letter volumes have declined 40% in the last 10 years as people increasingly prefer email. Royal Mail says it has spent £1.5 billion on upgrading its IT systems to cope with the new world of technology.

After one year in the job postmen and women earn £22,764 per year, more than a teacher or nurse.

Royal Mail says under its new proposed scheme, someone aged 50, earning £25,000 per year and retiring at 65 would retire on an annual pension of £12,300 and a tax-free lump sum of £81,800. It says this compares favourably with most other retirement deals.

Document NSONL00020171003eda300231


Financial Adviser: Homeowners release 50% more equity from property

504 words
21 September 2017
Financial Adviser
FADV
English
(c) 2017 Financial Adviser 

UK homeowners released 50 per cent more equity from their properties over the past three months, according to Responsible Equity Release.

The 49.6 per cent increase on the previous quarter (March to May) came as homeowners looked to use their properties to boost pension income and pay off mortgages, the provider said.

An average of more than £100,000-worth of equity per plan was released over the past three months, with an average of £74,116 released immediately and an average additional borrowing facility of £35,514 to draw from as and when the money is needed.

The number of UK homeowners releasing equity from their homes climbed by 28.4 per cent quarter-on-quarter and 86.6 per cent on the same quarter in 2016.

Homeowners in the north-west released more than double (102.3 per cent) the amount of equity in August compared to July, while those in the east of England released 55.3 per cent more.

London saw a 17.2 per cent drop in the total amount of equity released by homeowners in August compared with July, with an average amount of £174,489 last month.

The fall was probably due to the capital's cooling property market, which has performed worse than almost any other regional market in the UK over the past few months.

Steve Wilkie, managing director of Responsible Equity Release, said: "The Bank of England has indicated that an interest rate rise is on the horizon, but a small increase in the base rate is unlikely to help Britain's retirees who have suffered more than most during the past eight years of record low rates.

"Whether rates will rise in the near future is anyone's guess, and many people have decided there's no point in waiting for that day. Instead, they have taken matters into their own hands and are using their one major asset, their property, to boost flagging income."

Tracey Lucas, equity release adviser at Suffolk-based Needham Mortgage Centre, said she thought the current equity release boom was just the tip of the iceberg.

She said: "The people who are coming up to retirement, their pension planning is not adequate, and there will be more and more people in that situation.

"Even the government is saying people should be accessing wealth in their property.

"The newer contracts are more flexible and a lot more suited to a life situation than they used to be.

"Also, there are people coming to the end of interest-only mortgages and who don't want to move house, people finding it hard to make ends meet on a state pension, people who want to give a gift to their families and those who just want to spend the money.

"People's attitudes are slowly changing - there is no stigma attached to it now. People are saying 'it's my money; I want to spend it'."

simon.allin@ft.com

Document FADV000020170922ed9l00001




Colorado brokerage emphasizes creative microbranding for its agents; LIV Sotheby's International Realty launches agent film series

504 words
20 September 2017
01:28 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2017    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

DENVER, Sept. 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Colorado real estate firm, LIV Sotheby's International Realty, has announced the completion of its first round of agent films, a series of high-quality, short films meant to create a personal connection between agents and clients. Further diversifying the way the public sees real estate agents, the short films provide a window into an agent's life and personality, enabling potential home buyers and sellers to "meet" the agents and decide which agent is the perfect match to meet their real estate needs.

"Our business is all about our people," said LIV Sotheby's International Realty president, Scott Webber. "Today, information about real estate is available at our fingertips, but for us, human interaction is at the forefront of thought for LIV Sotheby's International Realty. Every home has a story and so do our agents. To us, buying or selling a home requires human interaction and these films embody that sentiment."

LIV SIR partnered with Evoker, Inc., a Chicago-based multimedia branding agency, to create the agent films. The studio-quality films are generally less than two minutes and eliminate the corporate, mass-produced structure of a standard biography video, allowing brokers to tell their personal story, whether it entails mountain biking in the Colorado Rockies, interacting with family and friends, or playing a round of golf. There is no script, no storyboard, and no two films are ever the same.

Each agent film is created with a cinematic approach. Evoker producers meet with brokers during two consultation visits prior to filming, helping to streamline the production process, which usually takes about one day. Not only is the personal story of each agent captured, but additional footage, including the areas the broker services, is artistically weaved into the films, creating powerful, emotion-evoking results.

"We try to diversify the way the public sees agents," said Webber. "LIV Sotheby's International Realty is the leading luxury real estate firm in the Colorado and Denver property market. We have a very interesting group of Colorado luxury real estate experts, and we are more than pleased with the results of the films."

Out of LIV SIR's 350+ agents, 20 agents signed up for the first round of the lifestyle-inspired films, with a 'Red Carpet' film premiere event to debut the films taking place in August, in Denver.

For more information, contact Brittanny Havard, Director of Communications, LIV Sotheby's International Realty, at 303.486.3738. To service all your real estate needs, visit www.livsothebysrealty.com

Media Contact:

Brittanny Havard

LIV Sotheby's International Realty | Cherry Creek

Direct +1 303.486.3738

brittanny.havard@sothebysrealty.com

View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/colorado-brokerage-emphasizes-creative-microbranding-for-its-agents-liv-sothebys-international-realty-launches-agent-film-series-300519814.html

SOURCE LIV Sotheby's International Realty

/Web site: http://www.livsothebysrealty.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020170919ed9j000mr


US Annuity Sales Rise in Q2, But Still Down Nearly 10% from 2016

Chris Butera 
504 words
13 September 2017
aiCIO
AI5
English
© 2017. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Non-qualified sales buoyed variable annuity market, IRI reports.

The Insured Retirement Institute (IRI), a financial services trade association, reported that the US annuity industry totaled $50.4 billion in sales for the second quarter, up 2.4% from $49.2 billion the previous quarter, but down 9.8% from $55.9 billion in the same period last year.

Fixed annuity sales during the second quarter rose 3.1% to $26.7 billion from the $25.9 billion reported in the first quarter, but were down 9.5% from $29.5 billion in sales for the second quarter of 2016. Meanwhile, variable annuity total sales increased 1.7% to $23.7 billion in the second quarter from $23.3 billion in the previous quarter, but fell 10.2% from sales of $26.4 billion in the second quarter of 2016. The figures from the IRI are based on data reported by Beacon Research and Morningstar, Inc.

It is "encouraging to see growth in industry-wide sales of annuities," said Cathy Weatherford, president and CEO of IRI, in a statement. "IRI believes annuity sales will continue to increase as thousands of Americans enter retirement each day."

According to Beacon Research, the quarterly increase in total fixed annuity sales was led by sales of fixed indexed products. Fixed indexed annuity sales climbed 10% to $14.9 billion from $13.6 billion in the first quarter, although sales were down 7.1% from the second quarter of 2016, when $16.1 billion in sales were reported. Overall fixed annuity sales also increased 11% from the previous quarter to $2.8 billion on strong sales of income annuities.

Book value and market value adjusted annuities had combined sales of $9 billion, which was down 7.7% from $9.8 billion during the first quarter, and 8.9% below sales of $9.9 billion for the year-ago quarter. For the entire fixed annuity market, there were approximately $15.1 billion in qualified sales, and $11.6 billion in non-qualified sales during the second quarter.

Variable annuity net assets increased 1.8% to $1.98 trillion during the second quarter, which was 5.1% higher than the same period last year, as positive market performance continued to overcome the impact of lower sales and negative net flows, according to Morningstar. Net flows in variable annuities were negative $14.8 billion in the second quarter.

Within the variable annuity market, there were $15.3 billion in qualified sales and $8.4 billion in non-qualified sales during Q2. Qualified sales dropped 1.8% from Q1 sales of $15.6 billion, while sales of non-qualified variable annuities gained 8.6% from Q1 sales of $7.7 billion.

"While total variable annuity sales rose slightly, the largest increases were in non-qualified sales," said John McCarthy, senior product manager at Morningstar. "We are also seeing growth in newer investment-oriented products such as structured annuities."

Document AI50000020171025ed9d00002


IRS Relaxes Loan, Hardship Rules for Hurricane Irma Victims

Rebecca Moore 
504 words
13 September 2017
Plan Sponsor
PLNSPR
English
© 2017. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

The PBGC and DOL also are providing relief similar to that provided by Hurricane Harvey victims.

The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced that 401(k)s and similar employer-sponsored retirement plans can make loans and hardship distributions to victims of Hurricane Irma and members of their families. This is similar to relief provided last month to victims of Hurricane Harvey.

Participants in 401(k) plans, employees of public schools and tax-exempt organizations with 403(b) tax-sheltered annuities, as well as state and local government employees with 457(b) deferred-compensation plans may be eligible to take advantage of these streamlined loan procedures and liberalized hardship distribution rules. Though IRA participants are barred from taking out loans, they may be eligible to receive distributions under liberalized procedures.

Retirement plans can provide this relief to employees and certain members of their families who live or work in disaster areas affected by Hurricane Irma and designated for individual assistance by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). For a complete list of eligible localities, visit https://www.fema.gov/disasters. To qualify for this relief, hardship withdrawals must be made by January 31, 2018.

The IRS is also relaxing procedural and administrative rules that normally apply to retirement plan loans and hardship distributions. As a result, eligible retirement plan participants will be able to access their money more quickly with a minimum of red tape. In addition, the six-month ban on 401(k) and 403(b) contributions that normally affects employees who take hardship distributions will not apply.

This broad-based relief means that a retirement plan can allow a victim of Hurricane Irma to take a hardship distribution or borrow up to the specified statutory limits from the victim's retirement plan. It also means that a person who lives outside the disaster area can take out a retirement plan loan or hardship distribution and use it to assist a son, daughter, parent, grandparent or other dependent who lived or worked in the disaster area.

Plans will be allowed to make loans or hardship distributions before the plan is formally amended to provide for such features. In addition, the plan can ignore the reasons that normally apply to hardship distributions, thus allowing them, for example, to be used for food and shelter. If a plan requires certain documentation before a distribution is made, the plan can relax this requirement as described in Announcement 2017-13.

The IRS emphasized that the tax treatment of loans and distributions remains unchanged. Ordinarily, retirement plan loan proceeds are tax-free if they are repaid over a period of five years or less.  Under current law, hardship distributions are generally taxable and subject to a 10% early-withdrawal tax.

In addition, in IRS Notice 2017-49, the IRS, the Department of Labor (DOL) and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) announced relief similar to and in addition to that already provided to Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma victims.

Document PLNSPR0020170914ed9d00001


Gradifi; 170 Firms Now Working with Gradifi to Offer a Student Loan Repayment Benefit to Their Employees

504 words
13 September 2017
Education Letter
EDULTR
25
English
© Copyright 2017 Education Letter via VerticalNews.com 

2017 SEP 13 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Education Letter -- Gradifi, a leader in student loan pay down benefits programs, announced that 20 more companies in August signed up to offer Gradifi's SLP Plan(TM) (Student Loan Paydown) benefit to employees.

Gradifi's new clients include LABUR, Sebak and Monner Associates, Michael Jordan Appraisals Inc., Everest Global Services Inc., and NoTime2Chill. These companies join progressive workplaces currently offering the SLP Plan, such as PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), Peloton and Penguin Random House.

Gradifi has agreements with more than 170 companies across the U.S. for its innovative student loan repayment program. In the past two months, 40 companies have agreed to offer Gradifi's SLP plan, which enables employers to make a monthly contribution to pay down an employee's debt.

For an employee with a loan balance of $26,500 - the median amount borrowed for a bachelor's degree - a $100 per month employer contribution for a loan at 4% over 10 years would save over $10,000 in principal and interest. The employer contribution would result in a 30% reduction in total payments, and the loan would be paid off three years faster.

Seth Burr, co-founder and COO of Boston-based LABUR, LLC., said, "For us, offering this plan to our employees was a no-brainer. If we have associates who are distracted by thoughts of things like how they are going to pay off their student loan debt, they are less focused and less likely to be as successful as they could be if they didn't have the stress of those outside thoughts. We established LABUR as a way to influence how other people achieve success. This is a tool to help us do that."

Tim DeMello, founder and CEO of Gradifi, said, "A growing number of people with student loan debt are putting off major life decisions. Employers who offer a student loan repayment benefit not only help their employees, but also gain a clear competitive advantage in recruiting highly skilled workers burdened by student loan debt." About Gradifi Gradifi is a best-in-class, student loan repayment solution addressing the nation's student loan problem. Gradifi helps organizations attract and retain talent by enabling employers to make direct contributions to their employees' student loans and accelerate the pay-off of the debt. A wholly owned subsidiary of First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC), Boston-based Gradifi offers the SLP Plan(TM) (Student Loan Paydown) benefit to employers of all sizes and is endorsed by the American Bankers Association through its Corporation for American Banking subsidiary. To learn more, visit www.gradifi.com or twitter.com/gradifi. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170830005300/en/

Keywords for this news article include: Gradifi, Education, Student Loans.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2017, NewsRx LLC

Document EDULTR0020170913ed9d00002




Money
GRAND DESIGN Savvy couple quoted £1million to build dream new home save £400,000 by doing it themselves

By Hayley Richardson 
504 words
14 September 2017
02:39 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2017 

The striking house coated in in zinc panelling features a bright yellow steel staircase and ultra-modern kitchen and bathroom

A SAVVY couple who were quoted £1million to build their new house saved £400,000 by designing it themselves.

The ultra-modern property was built on a plot of land in Haringey, north London, which they bought for £750,000.

It was previously the site of a derelict guardhouse which had remained untouched for 30 years.

Penny Talelli and Mark Edwards, both neurologists, decided to work together on creating their dream pad rather than pay out the seven-figure sum.

The creative pair, who have two children, opted for a statement "cube" design, coated in zinc panelling, which combined Penny's passion for modern art and Mark's love of more traditional architecture.

The house features a funky bright yellow steel staircase - Penny's pride and joy - and an ultra contemporary kitchen with a tribute to 19th century designs with chunky dark wood, distressed cabinets.

The spacious living area boasts large windows overlooking the garden and patio doors, which let in plenty of natural light.

The furnishings are predominantly neutral, natural colours, with leather, marble and wrought iron giving the home cutting edge appeal.

Their spacious bathroom continues the dark wood theme and features his and hers sinks as well as eye-catching blue tiles on the wall behind the bath.

The couple's stunning home features on tonight's (Wednesday) episode of Grand Designs on Channel 4.

Penny explains: "I love modern architecture. You can express yourself via the building.

"You get yourself a plot and say, 'I'm going to build a house that's me.'"

Mark admitted that he'd fallen in love with the original guardhouse on the plot and the duo initially tried to build the new property around it, but the foundations were too weak, meaning that it had to be demolished.

However, Mark insisted that they saved the windows from the old building, which cost £3,000 to restore - double the cost of replacement windows.

Due to the home's unusual shape, the foundations needed 42 pillars, which came with a £150,000 bill.

The project took two-and-a-half years to complete, but the couple say they are delighted with their new house.

Mark said: "It shows you what is possible, I think, by doing it yourself.

"We've invested so much time and thought into all the different bits in it that when you see them, it does something good for you inside.

"It has an internal consistency because it's the story of us, the story of both of us, somehow it's all in here."

Last year we told how a couple splashed £175,000 converting a simple 1960s bungalow into an incredible modern home - but the neighbours HATE it.

figcaptionInside incredible home transformed into giant playground on Grand Designs

Document THESUK0020170913ed9d005v6




DOL Officially Proposes 18-Month Extension Of Fiduciary Rule Exemptions' Transition Period

Kristina Zanotti 
504 words
11 September 2017
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2017 Mondaq Ltd 

On Thursday, August 31, 2017, the Department of Labor (DOL) published its proposal1 to extend the "Transition Period"2 for the Best Interest Contract (BIC) Exemption3 and Principal Transaction Exemption4 from its currently scheduled end date of January 1, 2018 until July 1, 2019. The proposal would also delay the applicability date of certain amendments to Prohibited Transaction Exemption (PTE) 84-24 for the same period. No further changes to the Transition Period were proposed. If the proposal is finalized, fiduciaries relying on the BIC Exemption may continue to comply with the current "Impartial Conduct Standards" (provide prudent advice that is in retirement investors' best interest, charge no more than reasonable compensation, and avoid misleading statements) and avoid adherence with the BIC Exemption's more onerous requirements through at least July 1, 2019.

In proposing the delay, DOL cited its ongoing reexamination of the Fiduciary Rule5 and related PTEs pursuant to President Trump's memorandum on February 3, 2017, as well as its desire to look for alternatives to the requirements in those exemptions. DOL stated that in the near future it might propose a new and more streamlined class exemption based on recent innovations in the financial services industry, such as the creation of "clean shares."6

DOL is also seeking comment on whether other approaches to the delay would be more appropriate, in particular, the relative benefits or harms of three possible approaches: (1) a "time-certain" delay, such as the currently proposed 18 months, (2) a delay that ends at a specific time period after the occurrence of a defined event (such as the conclusion of DOL's presidentially mandated review); or (3) a tiered approach that extends the Transition Period until the earlier or later of (a) a date certain or (b) the end of a period following the occurrence of a defined event.

Comments are due by September 15, 2017.

Footnotes

1 82 Fed. Reg. 41365 (August 31, 2017) 

2 For more information regarding delays of the Transition Period, please refer to our prior client alerts, "DOL Proposes 18-Month Extension of Fiduciary Rule's Transition Period", , and "Fiduciary Rule Delayed - Important Compliance Takeaways", . 

3 "Best Interest Contract Exemption," 81 Fed. Reg. 21002 (April 8, 2016) 

4 "Adoption of Class Exemption," 81 Fed. Reg. 21089 (April 8, 2016) 

5 "Definition of the Term "Fiduciary"; Conflict of Interest Rule - Retirement Investment," 81 Fed. Reg. 20946 (Apr. 8, 2016) 

6 For more information regarding clean shares, please refer to our prior client alert, "SEC Staff Addresses Mutual Fund Fee Structures in Response to DOL's Fiduciary Rule", .

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Ms Kristina Zanotti

K&L Gates

599 Lexington Avenue

New York

NY 10022-6030

UNITED STATES

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2017 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020170911ed9b0008w




Money
MUST-HAVE GEAR Check out these simple Mrs Crunch recipes for students going back to school this year

By Mrs Crunch 
504 words
7 September 2017
12:12 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2017 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

Great value recipes in association with Morrisons

IT is not just the right grades your teens require when they head to uni or college.

They also need everything from pens to pans to duvets - which is where mum and dad come in.

But kitting out your kid need not break the bank thanks to my round up of top buys on uni essentials.

You can get your checklist off to a sizzling start with a Morrisons Wok, down from £12 to £9.

As extra food for thought, I've picked out some student-friendly recipes too.

Meatballs in tomato sauce with spaghetti em(serves four)YOU NEED:

li350g onions

li5g dried mixed herbs

li 400g tin chopped tomatoes

li400g minced beef

li100g breadcrumbs

li300g spaghetti

li oil for fryingMETHOD:

liDice the onion and fry half in a pan with a little oil until soft.

liAdd 3g of the dried herbs and set aside to cool.

liIn a separate pan, fry the remaining onion and dried herbs in a little oil for five minutes.

liAdd the chopped tomatoes and simmer for five minutes.

liMix the cooled onion with the minced beef and breadcrumbs and form into small balls.

liFry the meatballs in a pan over a moderate heat until browned.

liAdd the tomato sauce and simmer for five minutes.

liCook the spaghetti in boiling water for eight to ten minutes, drain well and serve topped with the meatballs in tomato sauce.

Sizzling sausage and pepper cassoulet em(serves four

em)YOU NEED:

li400g pork sausages

li1 onion

li1 red pepper

li 300g can cannellini beans

li400g can chopped tomatoesMETHOD:

liFry the sausages in a non-stick pan until they are evenly browned.

liAdd the onion, peeled and sliced, and the red pepper, deseeded and sliced, along with the cannellini beans and the chopped tomatoes.

liBring to the boil, cover, reduce the heat and simmer for approximately 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sausages are cooked through.

Ham and cheese omelette em(serves one)YOU NEED:

li2 large eggs

li1 tsp Dijon mustard

li2 slices lean ham, torn into pieces

li30g Gruyère cheese, grated

lisalt and pepper for seasoning

lioil or butter for fryingMETHOD:

liSeparate the eggs and put the yolks into a large bowl and the whites into another.

liLightly beat the yolks together, season then add the mustard.

liWhisk the whites until they form firm peaks.

liMix a large spoon of the whites into the yolks, then scoop in the rest and gently fold in until the mixture is well combined.

liHeat oil or butter in a non-stick pan then slide in the eggs.

liCook on a medium heat for four minutes. Remove, scatter on ham then cheese and grill for two minutes.

liRun a knife around the pan to loosen the omelette's sides then slide on to a plate.

liServe with salad greens.

Find more recipes at Morrisons.com

Document THESCOT020170907ed97000dx




Money
A broken car and no cash

Nicole Pedersen-McKinnon 
504 words
3 September 2017
Sun Herald
SHD
First
8
English
© 2017 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.smh.com.au

Nicole Helps

Hi Nicole, I am a single woman aged 53 and due to some health issues, I earn very little as a cleaner working two days a week. I make enough to live on but only have $60 spare dollars each week. I'm lucky - my parents left me their house when they died so I have no accommodation issues or costs. The problem is I have virtually nothing in savings - and the Holy Sh*t fund you talk about is non-existent. I'm writing to you because the mechanic tells me my car is about to need a new gearbox and it's going to cost $1000 for a second-hand one. I just don't know what to do. I need it to get to work. - Debra, Wollongong

That's a distressing situation Debra - but by no means one without hope. You have your home and you have your $60 spare a week.

Without knowing the details of your income, you also sound like you might be eligible for an interest-free loan from an amazing not-for-profit called Good Shepherd Microfinance. In fact the staff tell me 380,000 Australians could access their loans in situations such as yours, but only 8 per cent of those who are eligible actually have.

Even so, last year 22,400 people were lent some $20 million through the No-Interest Loan Scheme (NILS). To be eligible, you must earn less than $45,000 after tax and hold a Health Care Card or pension card.

NILS will cover an essential good or service (say a new fridge or medical procedure) or pay an essential bill (a car repair) of up to $1200 and you are able to repay the debt at a manageable rate over the next 12 to 18 months.

You get the loans through more than 600 community organisations around Australia... the closest to you might be the Bulli Community Centre or Port Kembla Community Centre.

If your car ultimately lets you down, there may also be the option to access the StepUp program, which is offered by Good Shepherd in conjunction with NAB. These loans are for amounts of up to $3000 and attract an interest rate of 5.99 per cent. Again with this one you need a Health Care Card/pension card (or be in receipt of Family Tax Benefit A) to qualify. Loans are repaid over three years.

Don't beat yourself up about your situation Debra... it sounds as though you are really good with money - possibly better than a lot of people who have more of it! And one in three women have no Holy Sh*t fund, according to research by finder.com.

But as soon as you pay back your NILS debt, start putting that spare $60 into a high-interest bank account so you have the capacity to deal with it next time you need it.

nicolehelps@fairfaxmedia.com.au

Document SHD0000020170902ed930002j


Financial Adviser: PensionBee launches non-advised drawdown service

504 words
22 August 2017
Financial Adviser - Magazine and Web Content
FADV
English
© 2017 Financial Adviser 

PensionBee, the fintech pension provider, has launched a drawdown service for people who do not have an adviser to consolidate and draw an income from their retirement nest eggs.

The service will be available to customers shortly before they turn 55, and allows them to withdraw their 25 per cent tax-free lump sum or another amount.

PensionBee's objective is to give customers full transparency over their pension and demonstrate how easy it is to draw down, should they wish to.

The drawdown service also automatically calculates the amount of tax payable on withdrawals.

Other features include interactive risk warnings that appear at the right moment in time and name-bank account validation to protect customers, the fintech pension provider said.

Over the longer-term, the product will function like a bank account, with savers easily drawing down lump sums as the need arises.

The service works alongside PensionBee's core service, which allows savers to combine multiple pots into one online pension account.

Romi Savova, chief executive at PensionBee, has become "increasingly concerned that some savers are simply drawing down their pensions, and putting them into their bank account so that they feel the money is theirs".

She said: "This can result in an overpayment of tax, which is easily avoided by simply giving customers more visibility over their money.

"We think savers are more likely to focus on better long-term outcomes if they feel control over their pensions."

Non-advised drawdowns' are one of the key concern areas of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).

In a paper published in July, it noted that consumers who access their pots early without taking advice typically follow the 'path of least resistance', accepting drawdown from their current pension provider without shopping around.

The FCA's retirement outcomes review also revealed that savers are overwhelmingly more likely to stay with their existing provider if they are not advised.

In the meantime, the Association of British Insurers is working on a proposal for an income drawdown comparison tool.

It would allow consumers going into drawdown on a non-advised basis to compare products on the market.

Fiona Tait, technical director of Intelligent Pensions, said that "it has been obvious since the introduction of pension freedoms that new models are required to help mass market consumers".

She said: "Consolidating pensions in one place can certainly make it easier for individuals to track their pensions savings, and it is very positive that the issue of withdrawing money simply because they can is being addressed."

However, Ms Tait has "strong concerns about the concept of a pensions bank account", as suggested by PensionBee with its new tool.

"The primary purpose of pension plans is to provide an income in retirement rather than ad hoc lump sums, and withdrawals should always be considered in the context of sustainability. Taking income without financial advice could lead to more people running out of money too soon," she said.

maria.espadinha@ft.com

Document FADV000020170823ed8m0002z


News
New York Cracks Down on Student Loan Fraud, Abuse

By Bernice Napach 
504 words
21 August 2017
ThinkAdvisor
ADVONE
English
Copyright © 2017 ALM Media, All Rights Reserved. 

Proclaiming that he "won't allow a generation of New Yorkers to get victimized by the very system that was created to help them get ahead, " New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman today announced an aggressive crackdown on fraud and abuse in the student loan industry.

The announcement follows a proposed settlement that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and several state attorneys general, including Schneiderman, reached last week with Aequitas Capital Management, a student loan company that saddled students of the now-bankrupt Corinthian Colleges chain with loans they couldn't afford. (The proposed settlement requires the approval of a U.S. District Court in Oregon.)

(Related: CFPB Seeks $183M From Lender Over Corinthian College Loan Scheme)

The proposed settlement would provide $183.3 million in loan forgiveness and reduction to 41,000 students.

(Related: How Student Loan Companies Are Causing More Defaults)

Schneiderman's office also announced last week that over 800 students of the for-profit DeVry University (now renamed Adtalem Global Education with the ticker symbol ATGE) would share in a $2.25 million settlement for deceptive ads that exaggerated the employment success of the school's graduates. (That settlement was originally reached in January.)

In his announcement today, Schneiderman laid out a three-pronged attack his office will pursue against fraud and abuse in the student loan industry:

1. Pressing "full speed" ahead with cracking down on "predatory for-profit colleges and the loan servicers who enable them" and continuing to investigate potential abuses in student debt collection.

2. An inquiry it recently opened into the collection practices of the National Collegiate Student Loan Trust, which holds over 800,000 private student loans and is allegedly pursuing cases against students it says have fallen behind on their payments.

"We're going to find out whether New York students have been targeted and defrauded," said Schneiderman in today's announcement.

3. Opposing the federal government's delay in implementing a rule that would make it easier for defrauded student loan borrowers to pursue debt forgiveness. He joined 18 other attorneys general in a lawsuit suit against Education Secretary Betsy DeVos opposing the delay.

"DeVos decided it was more important to protect predatory colleges from lawsuits ? and called it a 'regulatory reset,'" writes Schneiderman.

He concludes his statement noting that "when a student loan company breaks the law and misleads thousands of students into taking on loans they can't afford, that company should be held accountable."

New York student loan borrowers own on average $30,000, according to Schneiderman. Nationally more than 40% of student loan borrowers owe $20,000 or more, double the percentage of 15 years ago, according to the CFPB.

--- Related on Thinkadvisor:

* How Student Loan Companies Are Causing More Defaults

* Lawmakers Push Bill Allowing Student Debt to Be Discharged in Bankruptcy

* A Portrait of the Student Loan Borrower: Older, Deeper in Debt, More Likely Delinquent

* The Economic Costs of Swelling Student Loan Debt

Document ADVONE0020170822ed8l00007


 Brexit & Beyond: U.K.'s Post-Brexit Ireland Plan, Frankfurters Frosty to Brexit Bankers, Eurozone Growth Spreads
WSJ Blogs, 04:52 AM, 17 August 2017, 504 words, By Stephen Fidler, (English)
Brexit & Beyond: Europe in Flux is The Wall Street Journal's round-up of news and analysis of how Brexit will affect global business, economies and finance. You can sign up here.
Document WCWSJB0020170816ed8g001b9



Reform Of Law Surrounding Wills: From The Victorian-Era To The Digital-Era?

Freya Marks 
504 words
9 August 2017
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2017 Mondaq Ltd 

It is estimated that approximately 40% of people over 18 die without making a Will. To try and address this alarming statistic the Law Commission has this month launched a consultation proposing an overhaul of the current law on Wills.

Key provisions governing the validity of a Will can still be found in the Wills Act 1837. The Law Commissioner, Professor Nick Hopkins, posits that these Victorian-era formalities are 'out of step' with the modern world and that they could actually be putting people off preparing a Will.

The Law Commission proposals, therefore, include updating the procedure for preparing a Will to make it compatible with the digital age. Under the new proposals it is envisaged that people would be able to use text messages, voicemails and other electronic forms to record their wills. It would then be up to the discretion of county and high court judges to validate the will as an accurate summary of the person's wishes. If a person on their deathbed has a change of heart then this could also be recorded and validated, overruling an existing valid will.

Under the present law, a Will must be written and signed by the testator in the presence of two witnesses who must also sign the Will in order for it to be valid. Whilst, this procedure might seem antiquated to some, relaxing these formal rules could have worrying implications and it presents significant challenges. For instance, it is feared that after the death of the testator a Will may be more easily contested by dissatisfied relatives and there are also concerns surrounding the protection of vulnerable testators and ensuring they are able to prepare their Wills without pressure or coercion.

The Law Commission's other proposals include updating the test for whether an individual has the requisite mental capacity to make a Will to take into account the modern medical understanding of conditions such as Dementia. The Commission is also consulting on whether the age at which people can make a will should be lowered from 18 to 16 years old.

Whilst the proposals suggest that a significant departure from the current legal framework may be imminent, responses to the Consultation will provide the Law Commission with invaluable insight into both the advantages but also the hurdles and repercussions of such changes. The consultation period runs until 10 November 2017 and professionals, relevant organisations and the general public are invited to provide the Law Commission with feedback on the proposals.

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Ms Freya Marks

Goodman Derrick LLP

10 St Bride Street

London

UK

Tel: 2074040606

Fax: 2078316407

E-mail: jcaulfield@gdlaw.co.uk

URL: www.gdknowledge.co.uk

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2017 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020170809ed89000gv




Money
Unpaid internships damage long-term graduate pay prospects

Jamie Doward 
504 words
30 July 2017
08:01 AM
The Observer
OB
1
English
© Copyright 2017. The Observer. All rights reserved. 

Study shows working for free leads to salary disadvantage

Almost every graduate taking an unpaid internship can expect to be worse off three years later than if they had gone straight into work.

That is the shock finding of the first survey of its kind of the career trajectories of tens of thousands of students over a six-year period.

The study, conducted by the Institute for Social and Economic Research at the University of Essex, reveals that, three-and-a-half years after graduating, former interns face a salary penalty of approximately £3,500, compared with those who went straight into paid work, and £1,500 compared with those who went into further study. Interns who were privately schooled or had parents in professional occupations also found themselves worse off, albeit by not as much.

On average they were earning £2,000 less than their counterparts. Those from more disadvantaged backgrounds were more than £4,000 worse off than their counterparts who went straight into work. The study confirmed that graduates from advantaged backgrounds were more likely to find the sought-after internships. Meanwhile, those from disadvantaged backgrounds were often compelled to take unpaid work because of limited job offers.

Dr Angus Holford, who carried out the study, said it showed that many graduates who took internships would end up disappointed if they thought it would put them on the path to success in a favoured career.

"I expect some people will find an internship that enables them to do the job they really want to do and that will have the big labour-market return but, on average, an internship you take won't lead directly to a job in the profession you really wanted or the profession you did the internship in."

The study also found that those who took internships were less likely to go on to professional or managerial roles or be satisfied with their career compared with those who had gone straight into work.

Compared with those who went onto further study, an internship reduced the probability of a graduate working in a professional or managerial role, or being very satisfied with their career, by 15 and 8.8 percentage points respectively.

Holford said that one reason for the earning disparity could be that graduates who took an internship were delaying the start of their careers which could often see them end up in entirely different occupations from the ones in which they did their work placements.

More than a third of graduates who took an internship - 38% - did so as an experiment to see if they would like the type of work it involved.

"If you are not able to find a job straight away, you've missed the graduate intake, that boat has sailed and you are left behind. If you take a while to get promoted you might be a little bit behind. Or you might get side-tracked into a different career trajectory."

Document OB00000020170729ed7t000xi




Money
How to claim back on hefty bank charges - and how to cut the cost of your overdraft

By Martin Lewis 
504 words
30 July 2017
05:13 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2017 Mirror Group Ltd 

My step by step guide to reclaiming bank fees and how switching providers can save you money

Hurrah!

The death knell may finally be sounding overbankcharges for breaching your overdraft limit.

Lloydsbanking group has announced overdraft changes from November that includes plans to scrap these charges.

I hope others will follow. Yet, if you've had these charges, you may be due money back.

Bank charges have ruined many lives, as they were designed to be tough to repay, leaving people to accrue charges on top of charges.

Too often I've heard of people who have had charges snowball into thousands after one small issue (such as late payments by the benefit office causing direct debits to bounce).

Get the right bank deal and you can save £100s on mobile, travel and breakdown cover, says money expert Martin Lewis

Capital One: Using An Overdraft Wisely

Around a decade ago, I was often called the "big gob in chief" of the campaign to reclaim unfair bank charges. My free template letters were downloaded over six million times, and over a billion pounds was paid out.

Yet sadly, in 2009,the Supreme Court pulled the plug on mainstream bank charge reclaiming due to a legal technicality that meant they 'didn't have to be fair'.

However the pressure continued to reverberate and the campaign's legacy has driven down bank charges ever since. This Lloyds announcement is perhaps its ultimate victory.

Charges need to have contributed to genuine financial hardship; such as being unable to repay your mortgage, rent, energy or credit cards or you regularly had payments returned due to a lack of cash.

If they have, write to the bank explaining your situation, and asking for a refund of all charges over that period.

My full step by step help and free template letters are atmse.me/bankcharges. Do expect a rejection - after that you can then take it on the freefinancial-ombudsman.org.ukservice for an impartial adjudication.

To inspire you, Scott emailed to say: "Initially the bank said I wasn't due anything, despite being stuck in an overdraft cycle. I then used your info & was offered £576. Thank you."

Martin Lewis: How a Lifetime ISA can help you get on housing ladder - and up to £32k free cash

Frankly it's difficult. If it's a first time one-off charge it's always worth politely asking the bank to remove it. Often (no promises) it'll wipe it first time.

If you're overdrawn, debit cards aredebtcards too. Overdrafts often cost more thancredit cards- so try to avoid them. If you're stuck in one, there are a couple of cheaper overdraft providers.

nationwide.co.uk

It's also possible to shift your overdraft to a specialist 0% 'money transfer' credit card for up to 41months. Full help and tips on fighting overdrafts atmse.me/cut-overdraft-costs

Document MIRUK00020170729ed7t003pd




ON THE MONEY
Ocean Bank asked to provide more info about overdraft practices by U.S. Senator

Keith Larsen 
504 words
27 July 2017
South Florida Business Journal
SFLA
English
© 2017 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved. 

INQUIRY: Ocean Bank asked to provide more info about overdraft practices by U.S. Senator

Miami-based Ocean Bank is one of more than a dozen financial institutions in the nation being asked to provide more information about its overdraft fees, amid increasing scrutiny about hidden charges to consumers.

In a letter sent by U.S. Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.J., to 13 different banks including Chase Bank, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, TD Bank, PNC Bank and Ocean Bank, institutions are asked to identify how much they depend on overdraft fees for revenue.

"I'm concerned that too many of our nation's banks are increasingly driven to accumulate these [overdraft] fees, rather than pursue a business model that serves their communities, and are adopting certain practices to drive participation in so-called 'overdraft protection' programs," the letter states.

Ocean Bank is one of South Florida's largest banks. In its most recent quarter, the bank made $1.9 million on "service charges on deposit accounts," which could include overdraft fees.

On July 19, the bank sent the Business Journal an email stating:

"Ocean Bank's policies and practices regarding overdraft fees are completely within accepted industry norms and standards. Any fees that may be applicable to an account are disclosed at the time the account is opened and no employee incentives are given on any overdraft fees."

INSURANCE: Patriot National appoints new chairman of the board after its founder resigns

Fort Lauderdale-based Patriot National Inc. announced that Glenn Hibler has been elected as chairman of Patriot National's board of directors.

Hibler succeeds former chairman of the board, Steven Mariano, who resigned as the company's chairman, president and CEO on July 14. Mariano also founded the company in 2003.

The insurance holding company has seen a sharp decline in its stock price over the past two years, and has been hit with numerous class action lawsuits as a result.

Hibler has served as a member of Patriot National's board of directors since April and is chairman of the compensation committee and a member of the audit committee.

He is also the co-founder of Traffk, a California-based provider of underwriting and risk services to insurance carriers. Prior to Traffk, he founded The Insurance Exchange, a brokerage firm specializing in the design and distribution of national dental plans.

Earlier this week, Patriot National's stock, (NYSE: PN), was trading at $2.07, compared to back in 2015 when the stock was trading at over $18.

The company has yet to file its most recent quarterly report as well as its 2016 annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Patriot National last filed a quarterly report with the SEC in the third quarter of 2016.

Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe to South Florida Business Journal for more articles and leads? Visit bizjournals.com/subscribe or call 1-866-853-3661.

Document SFLA000020170727ed7r00004




Home sales across Canada fall 6.7 per cent, biggest monthly drop in seven years

Craig Wong 
The Canadian Press 
504 words
18 July 2017
02:41 AM
The Canadian Press
CPR
English
(c) 2017 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 

OTTAWA - Home sales in June posted their largest monthly drop in seven years, driven by a plunge in the Greater Toronto market, the Canadian Real Estate Association said Monday, the latest evidence that a cool-down in the housing sector is taking hold.

Transactions last month were down 6.7 per cent compared with May on a national basis, the third consecutive monthly decline, with the Greater Toronto Area registering a 15.1 per cent drop.

Home sales are down 14.1 per cent from the record level set in March.

"Changes to Ontario housing policy made in late April have clearly prompted many homebuyers in the Greater Golden Horseshoe region to take a step back and assess how the housing market absorbs the changes," CREA chief economist Gregory Klump said in a statement.

"The recent increase in interest rates could reinforce a lack of urgency to purchase or, alternatively, move some buyers off the sidelines before their pre-approved mortgage rate expires. In the meantime, some move-up buyers who previously purchased a home before first selling may become more motivated to reduce their asking price rather than carry two mortgages."

Sales were down from the previous month in 70 per cent of all local markets measured by CREA, including the Lower Mainland in B.C., Montreal and Quebec City.

The Ontario government moved earlier this year to cool the Toronto real estate market, bringing in more than a dozen measures including a 15 per cent tax on foreign buyers. Since then, sales in Canada's largest city have slowed.

Separately, mortgage interest rates have started to rise in recent days. That came after the Bank of Canada raised its key interest rate last week by 25 basis points to 0.75 per cent, a move that prompted the big banks to increase their prime rates. Rates for new fixed-rate mortgages also ticked up in anticipation of the central bank rate hike.

Compared with a year ago, national home sales in June were down 11.4 per cent.

TD Bank economist Diana Petramala said that after growing this year, home prices are expected to fall next year.

"Much of that weakness will be concentrated in markets in Ontario and B.C., where households are particularly sensitive to higher mortgage rates given the stretched affordability," Petramala wrote in a note to clients.

"Elsewhere in the country, the improving economic conditions should help offset some of the impact of gradual interest rate hikes, with home prices and sales expected to trend higher."

The national average price for a home sold in June was $504,458, up 0.4 per cent from a year ago. Excluding Greater Vancouver and Greater Toronto, the national average price was $394,660, up 5.8 per cent.

The aggregate composite Multiple Listing Service home price index for June was up 15.8 per cent compared with a year ago.

Document CPR0000020170717ed7h007vd




Money
'eBay fraudster stole £1,023 and my gold coins but PayPal won't refund me'

By Jessica Gorst-Williams 
504 words
15 July 2017
03:25 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2017. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

I received payment via PayPal from a buyer of two gold coins I had sold on eBay. Shortly after, I received a message from the buyer's official eBay account asking me to send the coins to a different address.

I duly sent the recorded delivery package as requested.

According to Royal Mail tracking, it arrived the next day.

Two days later, after the coins had been signed for, I received an email from PayPal stating that the buyer's account had been hacked and the money I had received was an unauthorised payment.

Once I explained that there had been a change of address, PayPal promptly refunded my money back to the buyer from my account. So I have lost the money and the gold coins.

eBay has now refunded its commission to me and PayPal has paid back half of what I lost but I am still out of pocket to the tune of £1,023.

Can you get this back for me?

JJ, Warwickshire

Initially I approached eBay, which said that because you had sent the items to a different address there was nothing more it could do.

It said it is important for sellers to send items to the address provided in their buyer's "View Order Details".

It said: "Sending the item to another address is likely to mean the item isn't covered by seller protection."

With PayPal, as usual there were promptings from me, calls not returned and wrong responses that I had to correct.

My involvement did lead to PayPal issuing you with a full refund "as a goodwill gesture", so the remaining £1,023 has been reimbursed.

Its response had been in a similar vein to eBay's, with it saying: "Our Seller Protection policy can cover the cost of unauthorised payments, if the seller can provide us with proof of postage and delivery to the buyer's address as specified in the transaction confirmation. In Mr J's case he sent his goods to a different address."

I had checked PayPal's seller protection and thought that gold anyway was not eligible. PayPal had not picked up on this and only when I queried this came back saying that PayPal's seller protection does not indeed cover payments made in respect of gold in any physical form.

Previously it admitted it had been distracted by the address issue.

The item had been delivered to a flat above a taxi service. I called the taxi service, which said the flats were rented independently.

I suggested that, armed with the crime number you acquired when you reported this matter to Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud and cyber crime reporting centre, (0300 123 2040 and actionfraud.police.uk), you should urge the local police to pay a visit.

It seems possible that the fraudster may soon be apprehended.

Get in touch | How to contact Jessica Gorst-Williams

Document TELUK00020170715ed7f000b6




Sport
Draw up your will in a text message

Olivia Rudgard 
504 words
13 July 2017
The Daily Telegraph
DT
3; National
1
English
The Daily Telegraph © 2017. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

Law Commission says 'outdated' system of inheritance must catch up with digital age

PEOPLE will be able to use voicemail and text messages to make their wills under a radical overhaul of inheritance laws proposed by the Government's legal advisers.

The Law Commission has branded the legacy system "outdated" and said it must keep up with the digital age.

Under laws which date back to 1839, wills need to be written and signed by the testator as well as two witnesses in order to be valid. The commission suggests those rules are unclear.

It has called for the law to be relaxed to allow notes, emails and voicemail messages to be used in place of a written will. Under its proposals, new powers would allow county and high court judges to decide "on the balance of probabilities" whether a recording or note is an accurate summary of a person's wishes. Deathbed changes of heart could be recorded and used to overrule an existing valid will.

The Commission has admitted that the proposals could add to family arguments. It said: "A person who is seriously ill in hospital may have more immediate access to a tablet or smartphone than to a pen and paper, and may be more able to speak than to write. On the other hand, the potential recognition of electronic documents could provide a treasure trove for dissatisfied relatives.

"They may be tempted to sift through a huge number of texts, emails and other records in order to find one that could be put forward as a will on the basis of a dispensing power."

The powers already exist in Australia, Canada, South Africa and several American states.

Experts urged caution amid concerns older people could be pressured into last-minute changes. Caroline Abraham, Age UK charity director, said: "Whilst we welcome this public consultation, any proposed changes must not create further barriers for people who wish to plan ahead, and ensure that older people are able to make their own decisions wherever possible, free from pressure and coercion."

Elizabeth Neale, partner in the private wealth team at the law firm Bircham Dyson Bell, said that weakening the rules could have "worrying" implications for vulnerable people and there could be "pressure on people to write something down or make a voicemail".

Prof Nick Hopkins, a member of the Law Commission, said: "Any new law would protect vulnerable testators against possible undue influence, and certainly if there was any suggestion that that had been exercised, the court isn't going to use the dispensing power. But this is a consultation, so if anyone has those concerns, they should let us know."

The proposals also suggest changing the law about mental capacity to make it easier to assess whether someone with dementia is able to make a will and lowering the age someone can make a will from 18 to 16.

The consultation, which launches today, will run until Nov 10.

Document DT00000020170713ed7d00082




Financial Post Investing
Pension fund moves into riskier investments; Venture Capital

Colin McClelland 
Bloomberg News
504 words
12 July 2017
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
FP6
English
© 2017 National Post . All Rights Reserved. 

Frustrated by poor returns, OPTrust chief executive Hugh O'Reilly is moving into riskier investments as contributors to the retirement fund age.

"We can't just match cash flows, we have to take risks," O'Reilly, whose company oversees $19.2 billion of investments for Ontario government workers, said in an interview. "We don't want to increase contributions or reduce future benefit accruals where the active members will bear the whole risk."

OPTrust is starting a $300-million venture-capital portfolio and is considering derivatives linked to insurance risk, O'Reilly said. The firm has allocated 1.5 per cent to these riskier assets and three per cent in hedge funds, though the latter is under review, O'Reilly said without elaborating. The fund more than doubled assets in hedge funds in 2016 compared with the previous year, according to the 2016 annual report.

"We want to allocate relatively small amounts of capital into new and different investment areas," O'Reilly said. OPTrust will then "see if they're viable, see if they make sense, see if we can incubate them and bring them back and put them where they best belong on the investment team."

OPTrust, which manages pension assets for almost 90,000 former and current members of the Ontario Public Service Employees Union, generated a return on investment of six per cent for last year. That was down from eight per cent in 2015 and was less than half the 2016 return of Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, the country's largest pension plan.

"Investment returns are unpredictable and can result in a wide range on any one-year basis," O'Reilly said. "We know that our portfolio can deliver on our pension sustainability objectives over the long run."

O'Reilly declined to say what OPTrust targets in returns, saying it is focused more on the amount of risk exposure it can tolerate.

The new venture-capital fund, known as the Incubation Portfolio, will target latestage startups that are mostly already profitable, O'Reilly said. Another large Canadian pension fund and a venturecapital firm, which he declined to name because the details are still being worked out, will help fund and guide some of the investments, he said. "Venture capital is where the future is in terms of Canada, understanding risk and disruption," O'Reilly said. "We're going to get active in this area."

The strategy tweak comes as the number of workers that support the Torontobased fund is falling. Between 2007 and 2016, its retirees rose 60 per cent to more than 36,000, while its active members fell 8.7 per cent to almost 44,000, according to the pension fund.

The pension will keep outside management for most of its equity trading, some of it by RBC's PH&N Investment Services and Beutel, Goodman & Co., because of attractive pricing and the ability to learn from industry experts, O'Reilly said.

Document FINP000020170712ed7c0001z




Opinion
High State Debts Beget Desperate Measures; If a thrifty, sensible legislator refuses a pension boost, another will displace him or her at the next election.

504 words
12 July 2017
07:43 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Regarding your editorial "Blue State Budget Breakdowns" (July 5): It's very easy to assail legislators when they run up huge pension bills and other expenses, but whether enacted by Democrats or Republicans those escalating expenses are a structural, inevitable feature of democracy. If a thrifty, sensible legislator refuses a pension boost, another will displace him or her at the next election. It is unreasonable for the Journal or anyone else to expect legislators to do good if they have to wreck their careers doing so. What we need is a way to relieve legislators from the personal blame for making unpopular but sensible financial choices.

One way to do this is to create an automatic feedback mechanism that ties government salaries and pension plans to reliable financial or other standard-of-living metrics such as the GDP, or a GDP for a given state or GDP per capita in any given state or city. If the metric rises or falls, pension plans and salaries would correspondingly rise and fall. That way legislators would be motivated to do everything possible to improve the standard of living or GDP per capita, rather than continually risk bankruptcy to stay in office.

John Barchilon

Los Angeles

In recent years, a number of states have failed to meet their legal, contractual and moral obligations to contribute to pension funds for their workers. In some cases, as in New Jersey, this was done to offset revenue lost due to massive tax cuts for the wealthy. The resulting "crisis" has been the predictable result.

Criticizing union leaders for fighting for the pension benefits their members have earned is "blaming the victim."

John E. Stafford

Rye, N.Y.

A few weeks ago a piece of automotive test equipment that I own broke. I called the company and spoke with a woman about how to get it fixed and was told to send it to the company to be repaired. The piece of equipment had an address in Illinois. When I asked about shipping, she told me that the company had moved to Wisconsin. I asked why? She replied, "Why would any company that could move stay in Illinois?"

Brian Tyree

Cedar Crest, N.M.

The editorial's accompanying chart tells only half the story, although any business owner would be horrified when confronted with the loss of customers facing states like Connecticut, Illinois and New Jersey. I would like to see another chart reporting the taxable income of migrants into and out of the state. Then you could see the real negative economic impact. I wonder if those figures would capture the attention of the state legislatures.

Stephen P. O'Dowd

Spring Lake, N.J.

Illinois doesn't tax pension or Social Security income, which means the nonretired populace foots the bill for state retirees. Just another reason why we left.

Carol Ekdahl

Flagstaff, Ariz.

Document WSJO000020170711ed7b006es




Banking
Equity release: read these top tips before you borrow against your home

By Sam Meadows 
504 words
30 June 2017
07:41 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2017. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

Equity release is becoming more popular among older homeowners. It allows those aged 55 or more to borrow a lump sum against the value of their home, with interest payments normally deferred until the house is sold when the owner dies or goes into care.

There are various reasons why equity release might be attractive to homeowners: they may want cash to help a grandchild buy a home, for example, or may need to supplement their own pension income - there are versions of equity release that allow you to make regular withdrawals.

If you do withdraw a lump sum, you can choose to make interest payments so that the sum repayable does not grow; if you allow interest to roll up instead, the amount borrowed can become very large should you live a long time, although equity release plans come with a "no negative equity" guarantee.

There are several crucial things to consider before you choose equity release.

Nigel Waterson, chairman of the Equity Release Council, the industry body, said: "For anyone considering taking out an equity release plan, there are a number of things to consider.

"First and foremost, it is important that you speak with a qualified adviser who belongs to the Equity Release Council. They will be able to provide you with professional guidance and will ensure that you are able to consider all your options."

Here are ten top tips to consider:

* Do some research. Unbiased information can be found via the Money Advice Service Guide to Retirement and at equityreleasecouncil.com .

* Consider all your options. Make sure all state benefits are claimed and think about downsizing, renting out a room or asking for help from your family.

* If you take out an equity release plan to pay off an interest-only mortgage, speak with your existing lender to discuss all the options they can offer.

* Discuss your plans with family. They may be able to help or support your decision to take equity release.

* Compile a budget planner to work out what your income requirements are and how they might change over the years.

* If equity release is needed for home improvements, check to see if the local authority offers any grants for the work required.

* Don't take for granted what others tell you about equity release but make sure you speak with a qualified adviser who is a member of the Equity Release Council.

* In addition, take independent legal advice.

* Consider the type of equity release you need. An adviser will help you understand the difference between home reversion plans (where ownership is transferred to the lender at the outset), lifetime mortgages and the different types of plan.

* Don't assume that the lowest interest rate is the best. The plans have various features, some of which may be more suitable. For instance, some allow you to make monthly repayments to avoid the interest rolling up.

Sign up to our emails

Document TELUK00020170630ed6u0020d




Getting a loan is all about risk

504 words
30 June 2017
Central Telegraph
APNCET
Main
29
English
www.apn.com.au    Copyright 2017 APN Newspapers Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved 

IF YOU are thinking about applying for a home loan, it's important to gain an understanding of what the banks and lenders look for in the approval process.

The lender will assess your financial position and ability to service the loan, and based on the level of risk that you impose on them, will make a decision on how much or how little they are prepared to lend you, says Loan Market.

Let's look at some of the important key measures used by lenders to help assess your risk.

Income

Your current income will be used to determine the amount of money you can borrow.

Earning a higher income could suggest that you are able to better service your home loan.

But it's not just about what you earn - the lender will also look at your employment history and tenure.

In addition, they will assess your employment status (i.e. full-time, part-time, casual, permanent) to better understand your position.

In the case of self-employed applicants, the process may require more work and further lender scrutiny as the risk is usually higher.

Credit history

Your credit history gives the lender an indication of how you conduct your debts.

Having a clean credit history can increase your chances of borrowing a higher amount because it demonstrates that you are a responsible borrower.

You can request a copy of your credit file to ensure there isn't a black mark against your name.

The last thing you want is to be knocked back by your lender because of a telco default you incurred a few years ago.

In Australia, you can obtain your credit report from VEDA for free.

Deposit amount

The larger the amount you have for a deposit, the less risk the lender is taking when lending to you.

Having regular and consistent deposits made into your bank account will show the lender your ability to save despite having other current expenses.

Debts

Having debts can also determine your borrowing eligibility.

If you have any outstanding debts such as credit cards or personal loans, it would be beneficial to have them paid off before applying for a home loan.

If you have multiple debts, combining them into one could also help to reduce your repayments, which will look more favourable to the lender.

The lender will assess how much money you have left over (after paying your debts) and determine whether you will still be able to afford paying a mortgage.

A mortgage broker plays a key role when you're looking for home loan approval.

You can speak to them about the best way to position yourself to maximise your chances of having your home loan approved.

If you're looking to roll your debts into one, a mortgage broker can talk to you about your options when it comes to a consolidation loan.

This can not only reduce your monthly repayments but can also get you a lower interest rate.

Document APNCET0020170629ed6u000gp




Business
Warning on rate hikes

JOHN DAGGE 
504 words
29 June 2017
Gold Coast Bulletin
GCBULL
GoldCoast
22
English
© 2017 News Limited. All rights reserved. 

HOME loan borrowers face a short and sharp series of interest rate hikes which threaten to add an extra $375 to the average monthly repayment bill, a former Reserve Bank board member has warned.

Highly-respected economist John Edwards says home loan borrowers should brace for eight consecutive hikes to the nation's official cash rate over the next two years.

Mr Edwards said the cash rate is "way below" where it needs to be should the RBA's own economic growth and inflation forecasts pan out.

The cash rate would need to be hiked from 1.5 per cent to 3.5 per cent by the end of 2019 if Australia's economic growth rate return to 3 per cent in the next few years as the RBA expects, Dr Edwards said.

The average standard variable mortgage would rise from 4.44 per cent to 6.44 per cent under such a scenario, analysis from financial services firm Mozo shows.

A borrower with a $300,000 loan would need to find $375 extra per month. "It seems to me that something like eight quarter-percentage-point tightenings over 2018 and 2019 are distinctly possible if the RBA's economic forecasts prove correct," Dr Edwards wrote in a paper for the Lowy Institute think tank.

"It's possible the tightening could start earlier, or if not the tightening itself, at least the signalling which should precede it.

"We may be seeing a little of that now." Dr Edwards said the current cash rate was outside any historic norm given it had averaged 5.2 per cent over the past 20 years and only fell to 3 per cent in the wake of the 2008 global financial crisis.

While the RBA would not want to increase rates "too abruptly or unexpectedly", Dr Edwards cautioned the inevitable lift in borrowing costs would not necessarily be "gentle or gradual." Former RBA governor Ian Macfarlane hiked the cash rate 1.5 per cent to 6.25 per cent in the 10 months to August 2000 while his successor Glenn Stevens took less than two years to lift the rate from 5.5 per cent in April 2006 to 7.25 per cent in March 2008.

The Bank for International Settlements, the governing body of central banks, this week warned Australia's record levels of household debt leaves it highly vulnerable to a sharp rise in global interest rates.

AMP Capital chief economist Dr Shane Oliver said Dr Edward's forecast "seemed extreme" and noted the RBA had consistently over-estimated economic growth in recent years.

Dr Oliver said low wage growth and underemployment would keep inflation low for the foreseeable future.

"I struggle to see much of any interest rate hikes in the coming years," he said.

MORTGAGE SHOCK - Economist John Edwards tips eight consecutive increases to official cash rate - Average standard variable mortgage rate would rise from 4.44% to 6.44%- $375 extra per month for $300,000 mortgage

Document GCBULL0020170628ed6t0003m




Bank of England tightens mortgage borrowing rules amid fears of debt boom

By Lana Clements 
504 words
27 June 2017
08:40 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2017 

HOME buyers are set for stricter borrowing tests when they apply for the mortgage, amid alarm from Bank of England over easy loans amid record low interest rates.

GETTY

The Bank of England has expressed concern over household debts

Lenders will have to make sure that customers can manage repayments at a rate of around seven per cent - far higher than the rate they are likely to be applying for.

It means borrowers will only be able to qualify for a loan if they could afford bills at the higher rate, which is around three percentage points above the typical Standard Variable Rate ,

It comes as the Bank of England today warned in its bi-annual Financial Stability Report that credit card debt, personal loans and motor finance grew much faster than household income over the past 12 months. Related articles Tenant fees ARE a rip-off, says letting agent that welcomes ban POUND LIVE: Pound rises as Mark Carney updates on risks to economy

It has prompted concern that families have been encouraged to borrow by record low mortgage and credit card rates, but could struggle when interest rates start to rise.

The Bank of England said: "As is often the case in a standard environment, there are pockets of risk that warrant vigilance.

"Consumer credit has increased rapidly.

"Lending conditions in the mortgage market are becoming easier.

"Lenders may be placing undue weight on the recent performance of loans in benign conditions."

Policymakers hope that clarifying lending rules will help prevent a banking crisis, like that seen in 2007, in the event of another economic downturn.The Bank said that lending rules "will promote consistency across lenders in their application of tests to assess whether new mortgage borrowers can afford repayments". Related articles Five ways to boost YOUR pension and maximise retirement income BRITAIN'S SHAME: Ex-soldiers facing 'dangerous' levels of debt, war...

Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said lenders are now more vulnerable to risks from the rapid rise in consumer credit.

Stress tests on lenders relating to losses over consumer credit will also be brought forward.

Next month the the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority are to publish a report on the consumer credit market, which could impose tighter lending rules on firms, which will be supported by the Bank's Financial Policy Committee .

Joanna Elson OBE, chief executive of the Money Advice Trust, said: "The Bank of England is right to take action to curb the huge growth in household borrowing we are seeing.

"While most households can cope with this extra borrowing now, many risk finding themselves exposed to financial difficulty should their circumstances change.

"In these uncertain economic times, the Bank's intervention to limit this risk is welcome.

"We have already seen an eight percent rise in the number of people helped by National Debtline so far this year, and we expect demand for debt advice to continue to increase."

Document EXCO000020170627ed6r002s2




Wealth2k(R) Introduces HumanRobo(R) Digital Sales Presentation Application for Licensed Bank Employees

504 words
23 June 2017
12:09 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2017    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

Innovative platform helps bankers generate increased numbers of qualified referrals to bank channel financial advisors.

BOSTON, June 22, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- "Invest 20-minutes to learn how to turn your retirement savings into lifetime, inflation-adjusted income." That's all that licensed bank employees (LBEs) are required to say to bank customers to ignite an educational process that leads to both customer demand for a personalized retirement income plan and a consolidation of customers' investment assets by bank channel financial advisors. With the introduction of HumanRobo(R), Wealth2k has revolutionized the process of generating LBE referrals.

"Licensed bankers are busy people who balance multiple responsibilities and shifting priorities. That's why Wealth2k created a digital platform that makes it easier for bankers to ultimately connect bank customers with financial advisors who can help them tailor personalized plans for turning retirement savings into retirement income," according to Wealth2k CEO, David Macchia.

HumanRobo(R) provides a 20-minute educational engagement that teaches bank customers about retirement income distribution planning. Customers learn key insights including: 


   -- Why it's often advantageous to time-segment retirement assets 
 
   -- Why adding a "floor" of lifetime, guaranteed income can help mitigate 
      some of the biggest financial risks that threaten to devastate retirement 
      security 
 
   -- An explanation of Timing Risksm, Inflation Risk and Longevity Risk, and 
      how a well-designed income plan can reduce these risks 

"Bank broker-dealers have a huge stake in retirement income," said Macchia. "In a post-DOL marketplace, achieving consistent customer outcomes through a consumer-focused process for income planning is the key to driving revenue growth while also reducing financial liability potential. The customer need is there. What's been missing is the process to address the need and the means to properly promote the process. HumanRobo changes all of that. Everyone should understand that retirement income is THE 'expand-the-pie' business opportunity of this era. The time to act on it is now."

DOL didn't arrive in a vacuum. It was published at a moment when fintech was rapidly advancing. Where DOL and fintech merge, commoditization of advice, or products, and of advisors themselves is ignited. Getting it right in retirement income is the most effective strategy for bank programs to mitigate the worst effects of commoditization. Helping bankers generate many more leads for financial advisors is the critical first step in igniting revenue growth in 2017 and beyond.

About Wealth2k

Wealth2k is the leading provider of enterprise retirement income solutions. It's asset-gathering platforms, including The Income for Life Model(R) help firms capitalize on the high-stakes business opportunity for retirement income distribution planning. Visit Wealth2k at www.wealth2k.com or follow us on Twitter: @W2KINC

CONTACT: David Macchia at (718) 222-3038

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wealth2k-introduces-humanrobo-digital-sales-presentation-application-for-licensed-bank-employees-300478325.html

SOURCE Wealth2k

/Web site: http://wealth2k.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020170622ed6m000f2


News
3 Reasons DOL Fiduciary Rule Will Stay Intact: ERISA Attorney Wagner

By Melanie Waddell 
504 words
21 June 2017
ThinkAdvisor
ADVONE
English
Copyright © 2017 ALM Media, All Rights Reserved. 

ERISA attorney Marcia Wagner sees three reasons why the "tortured" Department of Labor fiduciary rule will prevail, and warns that if it doesn't the United States will become the next Greece.

The Trump administration being the third one to look at the rule - behind the administrations of Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush (yes, at the time it was called the Investment Advice Rule) - "shows you how incredibly important the private pension system, broadly defined, is to our safety net of this country," Wagner said Tuesday at the Financial Planning Association's annual lobbying day in Washington.

(Related: House GOP Introduces Bill to Overturn DOL Fiduciary Rule)

"Appropriate oversight of fiduciary activity is necessary to protect retail investors who rely on pension and IRA assets for their security in old age ? without due protections - and we can debate if the fiduciary rule goes too far or far enough - the U.S. can find itself in the unenviable position of countries where adequate protections are non-existent, and people are invariably harmed."

Wagner, an attorney with the Wagner Law Group who is a ThinkAdvisor contributor, gave three reasons why she believes Labor's fiduciary rule will remain in "substantially similar condition":

* The entities affected by the rule "have already devoted considerable time, expertise, money and resources from marketing to legal to IT in determining appropriate implementation."

* There's really "no clear course of action if this rule doesn't go forward," she said. "We really can't go back to the 1976 regulation defining investment advice on that five-pronged test. That standard is ? frankly, very dated."

* The fiduciary law is "going to go forward in substantially similar condition as it is right now because the opposition to the rule ? is gone. Certain areas of the industry are in favor, certain others aren't. United, people can do a lot; divided, the government will get what it wants. In my view, .? the vector of this rule is the correct way to go for our country."

As of June 9, parts of the rule became effective - the definition of fiduciary has been "significantly expanded" and is in effect now, as well as the impartial conduct standard, Wagner said. Full applicability with the rule will occur, as of now, on Jan. 1.

Also in force as of June 9 is a "non-enforcement policy" by Labor, which the IRS will follow, that requires advisors "behave in reasonable and good-faith compliance with the law into Dec. 31, 2017."

However, Wagner warned, the non-enforcement policy "does not mean that private litigants can't litigate. It also doesn't mean that if you don't have reasonable, good-faith compliance that there won't be ? action taken" by Labor or the IRS.

--- Related on ThinkAdvisor:

* Will DOL Fiduciary Rule Be Watered Down?

* What Advisors May Not Know About the DOL Fiduciary Rule

* What Is Fiduciary Investment Advice Under DOL Fiduciary Rule?

Document ADVONE0020170622ed6l00006




The 1 retirement expense that might catch clients off guard: Retirement Scan

Editorial Staff 
504 words
21 June 2017
Bank Investment Consultant
BINV
Vol.1, No.1
English
(c) 2017 Bank Investment Consultant and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

The 1 retirement expense that might catch you off guard

Clients should not underestimate the impact of taxes on their income after they retire, as their tax liability could reduce substantially their net earnings, according to this article on Motley Fool. Retirees are expected to face a tax bill on distributions from their traditional 401(k) and IRAs and on a portion of their Social Security benefits. They will also owe taxes on their gains from taxable accounts.

Do you need to pay off your mortgage before you retire?

Lower-income families with less than a million dollars in total investable assets stand to gain more from paying off their home mortgage before retirement compared with wealthy households, according to this article on MarketWatch. Families with more than $1 million invested assets should treat debt the way companies do and use it to limit their risk exposure. "You are a lot better off if you can bring more money to the table through the strategic use of debt and then target a lower, less-volatile return," says an expert.

Beware the impact on RMDs when reversing a Roth IRA conversion

Undoing a Roth conversion could have an impact on a 73-year-old retiree's required minimum distribution from his traditional IRA for this year, according to this article on Kiplinger. Converting the IRA assets to a Roth would be excluded from RMD calculation for 2017, but recharacterizing it and getting back the money paid for taxes on the converted amount would mean an increase in the RMD amount and the subsequent tax. "If all or a portion of the conversion is reversed, an adjustment to the December 31, 2016, balance needs to be made, thus increasing the 2017 RMD," says a retirement strategist.

Ask Larry: Will I get the maximum benefit at age 66?

Clients may calculate their Social Security retirement benefits based on their 35 highest years of inflated adjusted earnings, according to this article on Forbes. People who earned the maximum amount in all those years before turning 66 this year can expect the maximum benefit of $2,687 if they start collecting this year. The benefit would increase if they continue to work and earn more than the previous 35 best earning years.

Study shows 'retirement literacy' is shockingly low

Many Americans fared poorly in a retirement literacy survey conducted by the American College of Financial Services, according to this article on Chicago Tribune. Only 38% of the participants were aware that the maximum sustainable withdrawal rate is 4% for a nest egg worth $100,000, while only 34% of the respondents knew the impact of negative return on assets is greater at retirement age than either before or after retirement. The survey also found that participants had average understanding about IRAs, with many participants not knowing a sufficient amount of Social Security benefits.

Document BINV000020170621ed6l0005l




Financial Services
Ex-Challenger exec betting on robo-advice

Alice Uribe 
504 words
19 June 2017
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
17
English
Copyright 2017. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited. 

A long-serving Challenger executive has become a "material investor" in a robo-adviser and plans to use the technology to drive a new advice platform, which he says will deliver cost-effective financial advice to Australia's growing cohort of retirees.

Paul Rogan, the former chief executive of distribution, marketing and research who stepped out of the role in February after 12 years at Australia's largest annuities provider, is now readying to launch Retirement Essentials, an online platform that educates and assists those who are already in retirement on how to manage their money.

"For years at Challenger we've been working on getting quality retirement income models into the market for financial advisers," Mr Rogan said.

"I'm now looking to provide these models to the Australian retirees who are not getting support from financial advisers. My aim is to create a trusted advice brand in the retirement market to help retirees control their own finances and make them feel more confident about their life."

Mr Rogan has invested an undisclosed sum in SuperEd, the the robo-adviser co-founded in 2012 by Vanguard Australia founder Jeremy Duffield and Westpac executive and technology entrepreneur Hugh Morrow.

SuperEd will provide a "digitally enabled adviser" to the Retirement Essentials website which Mr Rogan says will provide guidance to Australians who cannot afford traditional advice.

In January, Mr Duffield told The Australian Financial Review that he was looking to raise up to $6 million to roll out its platform to some of Australia's largest profit-for-member funds.

SuperEd currently has relationships with Challenge and insurer AIA, but has a number of deals with industry superannuation funds in the pipeline.

"We think it's important for them [superannuation fund members] to establish a dialogue with their fund and have a conversation about their financial issues. So when they have a problem there is a way to resolve that without having to pay," SuperEd chief executive Hugh Morrow said.

Keeping their members at retirement is a big concern for Australia's super funds, when many choose to leave, and Mr Morrow said that providing "highly personalised and goals-based financial advice" was key for retention.

Currently the bank-owned funds dominate the post-retirement space, as Chanticleer wrote recently.

Digital advice is widely seen as way to keep members at the critical moment of retirement, with Coredata research that robo-advisers are more trusted than both bank-aligned financial advisers and independent financial advisers. "The game is to build confidence and understanding so that they can put in place a retirement plan," said Mr Morrow.

"So that might be someone in their 40s or 50s, and bit by bit they can build that into a plan in their late 50s."

"It's a very different conversation to have with the consumer, than a simple, short process. It's a discussion that is going to happen over years rather than a one-off session." 

Document AFNR000020170618ed6j0001f




Don'tPayAll - Offering Zappos Discount Coupon Codes And Many More

504 words
12 June 2017
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2017, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

A Coupon website adding thousands of new discount coupons every week

Don'tPayAll, an enormously popular coupon code website, is continuing to add thousands of new promo codes every week.

Consumers browsing through the website seem to be finding enticing bargains and cut prices.

Don'tPayAll® is leveraging the need of the modern online buyer - fishing for coupons of popular stores.

The website has it all, seemingly in copious amounts. Backed by 10 million members and 20 million coupon codes and nearly 100 million visitors, Don'tPayAll is reinforcing its position as a provider of high quality coupons and deals.

Coupon code hunters have a wide array of choices, including Zappos discount coupon codes.

Zappos is a multi brand retail store dealing primarily in shoes and apparel.

"We are not offering coupons just to appease the bargain hunters", says a Zappos rep. "For us, promo codes are an essential strategy to draw in new customers".

Like Zappos, most companies are using coupon codes as tools to boost their revenues.

But each company can have a different goal.

"Our target is to stay competitive", says an American Eagle advertising manager. "We continue to offer promo code for American Eagle products so that we always have an edge over our competitors"

American Eagle outfitters are a leading name in tops, bottoms, footwear, and other items for men and women.

Don'tPayAll is devotedly forging ahead to make online shoppers' experience better by listing thousands of new coupon codes every week.

According to a rep of Don'tPayAll, "We give customers the best deals on the internet".

The Don'tPayAll website is user-friendly. A visitor can search for a company coupon code either by filtering through A to Z, or by category.

Moreover, by providing their email address, visitors can subscribe to Don'tPayAll and get bargain deals along with weekly newsletters.

"This website has a no-nonsense approach", says a consumer. "Here coupon codes are the only focus and easy navigation seems to be their chief objective".

The USP of the website is its reliability.

"We verify the coupons beforehand to ensure their functionalities".

The website also claims it is making every effort to fulfill customers' demands and provide them with shopping advice.

Claims by Don'tPayAll appear credible.

Having provided hot deals and special offers from more than 50000 retailers, this leading coupon code website is looking to new vistas to go even further ahead.

Media Contact

Company Name: Dontpayall Discount Coupon Codes

Contact Person: Media Relations

Email: contact@dontpayall.com

Phone: (301)-883-6583

Address:Creative Lipi Webtech Inc 1801 McCormick Drive, Suite 350

City: Largo

State: MD 20774

Country: United States

Website: http://www.dontpayall.com/

Source: www.abnewswire.com

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020170613ed6c003pg




Markets
PNC, in Fiduciary Move, Offers 'Clean' Mutual Fund Shares; Broker-dealer's product to charge fee only to manage, operate funds to help comply with Labor Department rule

By Daisy Maxey 
504 words
10 June 2017
03:27 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

PNC Investments LLC has begun offering mutual-fund share classes stripped of any distribution fees in its tax-qualified brokerage retirement accounts, a move that coincides with the deadline for initial implementation the Labor Department's fiduciary rule.

Such lower-cost shares are now being launched by many fund companies in part to help advisers and brokers comply with the new retirement-savings rule, which is aimed at curbing conflicted advice on retirement accounts. The rule will require that financial advisers who make recommendations on assets in individual retirement accounts receive compensation that doesn't offer them an incentive to choose one product over another for a client.

The new "clean shares" offered by PNC Investments, the broker-dealer subsidiary of PNC Financial Services Group Inc., will charge only the fee to manage and operate the funds. The shares won't include any fees to compensate brokers for providing advice or 12b-1 fees, which pay for marketing, printing and prospectuses and other shareholder services.

With the new shares, broker-dealers and other distributors will have to charge directly for their services, as PNC Investments plans to do, which will make it clear to investors how much they're paying to whom and for what. Firms that wish to continue to receive commissions can sell clean shares, then set their own commissions that are the same across products, as PNC Investments plans to do.

"Charging a direct commission helps to bring more transparency to the clients on what they are paying for," said Robert Santillo, PNC Investments' managing director of product management and research. The new share classes also remove complexity because one share class can be used rather than numerous different types, which can be confusing to investors, he says.

PNC Investments plans to offer the new clean shares in its brokerage retirement accounts as well as to clients in its fee-based advisory business-which charges a fee based on a client's assets under management. It has already converted more than half of the existing assets in its fee-based advisory business to the new shares, and it plans to convert the remaining assets to the shares by year's end.

In the next few months, PNC Investments also plans to offer the clean shares in its taxable accounts.

The fiduciary rule remains under review by the Trump administration, but should it be altered or rescinded, that will have no bearing on PNC Investments' use of the clean shares, Mr. Santillo said.

PNC Investments services about $50 billion in client assets through its bank broker-dealer model, part of its investment and retirement businesses. Mutual funds account for nearly 40% of PNC Investments' assets under management, and about half of those assets are invested in commissionable brokerage accounts today.

Write to Daisy Maxey at daisy.maxey@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020170609ed69006el


Financial Adviser: Tata Steel pension scheme transfers double

504 words
6 June 2017
Financial Adviser
FADV
English
(c) 2017 Financial Adviser 

Senior managers with Tata Steel transferred their pensions out of the company pension fund as the steelmaker negotiated a deal to cut the retirement incomes of the scheme's 126,000 members, according to a Financial Times report.

The trustees of the British Steel Pension Scheme, BSPS, confirmed to FTAdviser's sister newspaper that senior managers were among current and former unretired employees of Tata Steel to have cashed in their final salary pensions.

The numbers transferring out of the BSPS fund have more than doubled as employees have been attracted by the rise in the value of transfer values made to those leaving defined benefit schemes over the past two years.

Speaking to the Financial Times, the BSPS trustees said: "The number of transfers completed during the year to 31 March 2017 was 482 (the comparative figure for the previous year was 170).

"Included within the figure of 482 would be a very small number of current and former senior managers, consistent with the numbers overall."

Details of the transfer activity came a month after Tata announced it had reached a deal with BSPS to decouple the £15bn retirement fund from the business, after more than a year of intensive talks with The Pensions Regulator.

The trustees have backed the plan to separate the scheme from Tata, which would involve benefit reductions for tens of thousands of members but keep members out of the pensions lifeboat fund, where compensation could be lower for some.

Writing in a trustee update to members on 16 May, the BSPS trustee chairman, Allan Johnston, said: "Although the Pension Protection Fund is an important safeguard for pension schemes generally, the trustee believes that the BSPS has sufficient assets to offer members the potential for better outcomes by enabling them to transfer to another scheme offering modified benefits.

"For most scheme members, these modified benefits are expected to be of greater value than those they would otherwise receive by transferring into the PPF."

John Ralfe, an independent pensions expert, told the Financial Times: "BSPS has improved its cash transfer values in the last few months, to reflect the scheme's lower risk investment strategy.

"The fact that a member transferring now gets more cash, may explain the marked increase in the number of people transferring."

Tata declined to comment.

Last year, the trustees wrote to members setting out proposals to separate the pension plan, with an estimated £400m deficit at the time, from the business with the fund seen as a financial drag on the company.

Under the terms of the deal announced last month, both unretired and retired members of BSPS will see lower payouts.

The 482 members who had opted to quit the scheme by taking their future pension as a lump sum will not be affected by the arrangement, yet to be approved by the regulator.

About 33,000 of the scheme's 126,000 members had been potentially eligible to cash in their pensions.

stephanie.hawthorne@ft.com

Document FADV000020170607ed6600002




Business
Figure out what you'll need to save for retirement in five simple steps; Here's one way to arrive at a ball park figure for your own circumstances

IAN MCGUGAN 
504 words
26 May 2017
The Globe and Mail (Breaking News)
GMBN
English
©2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Financial planners dread being asked how much money people need before they can say good-bye to work. It depends, planners say, and so it does - on how much you make, on what age you want to retire, on your current standard of living, on your workplace pension (or lack thereof) and on your tolerance for risk, just for starters.

So let's acknowledge that there is no simple one-size-fits-all answer to this question. That said, here's one way to arrive at a ball park figure for your own circumstances.

1) Start by figuring out how much of your working income you're going to need to replace in retirement. Most people find 50 per cent to 70 per cent is adequate. You can get a more precise idea by visiting our replacement ratio calculator.

For subscribers: The surprising truth about how much you need to save for a happy retirement

2) Consider how much you can expect to receive from government programs such as Canada Pension Plan and Old Age Security. The combined payout for a lifelong resident of Canada who has worked steadily for decades and is just beginning to collect now, at the age of 65, would typically be around $15,000 a year but could be significantly lower or higher depending on salary history and other factors. You can see what you will receive by visiting the federal government's retirement income calculator.

3) Do the math. Start by figuring out what your replacement ratio means in dollars. If your household income is $120,000 a year, and you need a 60 per cent replacement ratio, your target retirement income will be $72,000 a year. To calculate how much of this must come out of your own pocket, subtract government stipends from the target figure. In this example, if CPP and OAS will pay you and your spouse a combined $30,000 a year, that reduces the amount you must generate from private sources to $42,000 a year.

4) Your workplace pension may cover most of this gap. If not, or if you don't have a workplace pension, you can figure out what it would cost to generate $42,000 by looking at how much it would cost to purchase an annuity that would pay you that amount every year. You can find annuity rates here.

5) Stuff happens. Maybe you'll get a divorce. Maybe you'll wind up in a long-term care facility. If it helps you sleep better, you may want to add a buffer of $100,000 or so to the previous total to help cushion such contingencies.

Follow this link to view this story on globeandmail.com: Figure out what you'll need to save for retirement in five simple steps

Globe and Mail Update

Document GMBN000020170526ed5q003pd




Yourhouseman.com Becomes Premier Way to Sell Property Fast in the UK

504 words
23 May 2017
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2017, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

As more people in the United Kingdom choose to sell their homes through quick-sale services instead of opting for the traditional real estate market, Yourhouseman.com has gained a reputation as one of the country's premier home buying solutions. Through ethical business practices, fair offers and ability to make a house sell fast, the company has gained people's trust.

Sometimes, selling a home quickly can be the only way out of a bad financial situation. Debt can lead to the threat of repossession or foreclosure, both of which can have a serious impact on a person's credit and ability to buy a home in the future. To make matters worse, the average home takes six months to sell on the market, and a home that's in bad shape may take even longer or not sell at all. Those who need to sell their home fast maycheck fast house sale reviews to find a home buying service that's legitimate, but even then it can still be hard to make heads or tails of what's out there.

Yourhouseman.com offers a solution for those facing hard times through their home buying services. They pride themselves on being an ethical home buying company as well as one of the fastest and fairest in the UK. For anyone in need of a fast property sale today, Yourhouseman.com guarantees that they can buy any home in any condition in 30 days or less, no fees or upfront costs required.

As one of the few family owned and operated home buying companies in the country, Yourhouseman.com sets themselves apart from the corporate competition with their commitment to customer care. While their main goal is still to make a client's house sell fast, they also recognise that having to sell a home full of memories is a sensitive process.

"We take great pride in our ability to understand our customer's needs, someone who will listen to you and offer you the personal service, care, and support at every stage of the process," a company spokesperson says.

Yourhouseman.com has become the go-to home buying service in the UK because they've proven themselves to be a trustworthy company. People seek out this company not just because they can resolve their financial situation quickly, but because they follow a strict ethical code and put compassion before profit.

For those looking to make a fast property sale today, they offer free quotes via their website: http://www.yourhouseman.com

Media Contact

Company Name: YourHouseMan

Contact Person: Neil Dorgan

Email: enquiries@yourhouseman.com

Phone: 03333601043

City: Exeter

State: Devon EX111TA

Country: United Kingdom

Website: http://www.yourhouseman.com

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020170524ed5n002mi




Most employees fail to understand basic retirement concepts

Bruce Shutan 
504 words
11 May 2017
Employee Benefit News Online
EBNO
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2017 Employee Benefit News and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Working Americans of all ages are plagued by widespread misconceptions and procrastination that could undermine their retirement readiness - unless they devote enough time to learning basic concepts, Fidelity Investments' first-ever Retirement IQ Survey finds.

Most notably, as many as two-thirds of the respondents underestimated what they will need to save for retirement.

"While we know from previous studies we've conducted that Americans have made progress in covering essential expenses in retirement, we wanted a better understanding around what people comprehend when it comes to retirement basics," says Ken Hevert, SVP of retirement at Fidelity Investments.

While noting that progress has been made to move the needle on retirement readiness, he says the survey's knowledge gaps point to the need for better education. Hevert believes employers, along with their advisers, are positioned to help educate, inspire and motivate employees to be proactive and start saving early.

"We recognize how important it is for employers to engage with their plan participants as early as possible because it's often in the workplace where people first learn about what they need to do to prepare for retirement," he says.

Also see: "16 areas where employers most want help from their broker."

The survey identified procrastination as a serious concern. More than half of respondents confessed to putting off an important financial decision such as creating a budget, paying bills on time or saving for retirement.

Failing grade

Many people surveyed, including those age 55 and older, gave wrong answers to questions in nearly every category, even though it was a multiple-choice format, according to Hevert. He says the average grade was 30% (the equivalent of an F), no one answered all 14 questions correctly and 1% got all of the questions wrong. Fewer than 0.5% of respondents received a 79% (C+), which was the highest grade.

The question most people answered correctly concerned the age of Medicare eligibility (77% got it right), while there was a three-way tie for toughest question, which only 14% answered correctly. Those results included:

· Number of years out of the past 35 with a positive market return (about 60% thought it was half the time or less, whereas the correct answer was 80% of the time).

· Future value of $50 a month earning market average return (half underestimated it).

· Largest expense for most retirees (most wrongly guessed healthcare, whereas the correct answer is housing).

Despite these poor test results, Hevert emphasizes that by spending just a few hours on the subject, working Americans can boost their Retirement IQ scores dramatically and develop a good grasp of the essentials needed to make smarter decisions that can put them on the path to a secure retirement. The employer-based system can encourage plan participants to think about the goals they want to achieve and develop a plan to get there, which he says starts with knowing where they stand in order to identify opportunities to improve.

Document EBNO000020170511ed5b000b5




Pro Bankruptcy
Scurria's Take: Puerto Rico's Descent Into Bankruptcy Divides Wall Street

By Andrew Scurria 
504 words
10 May 2017
WSJ Pro Bankruptcy
RSTPROBK
English
Copyright © 2017, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

Puerto Rico's creditors are preparing for a lengthy fight to maximize their recoveries after its slide into bankruptcy. But other Wall Street investors are rooting for the U.S. territory to succeed in driving down its $73 billion debt load.

Creditors holding Puerto Rico's municipal bonds argue the territory won't regain access to the high-yield credit markets if a court writes down the value of its bonds too deeply, according to court filings and congressional testimony. Puerto Rico was cut off from the credit markets in 2015, and restoring market access is a must for the federal oversight board handling its financial restructuring.

But investors who don't have bonds at risk in the court-supervised process are advocating aggressive debt restructuring to free up taxpayer resources for other purposes-such as infrastructure investments-and to pave the way for island's bonds to begin performing again.

Dave Hammer, head of municipal bond portfolio management at Pacific Investment Management Co., said Puerto Rico needs to give investors confidence in its ability to meet its obligations by scaling down its debt to levels its economy can sustain. That means cutting the value of most bonds below their current trading prices, he said.

PIMCO holds no Puerto Rico general obligation or sales-tax bonds, which together represent $30 billion in debt, although the firm said it recently bought some agency bonds backed by earmarked revenue streams.

"We think a bigger haircut is required than what is currently implied by market prices," Mr. Hammer said. "The key is to get investors like PIMCO off the sidelines."

John Ceffalio, vice president and municipal credit analyst at AllianceBernstein LP, said his firm would like to invest in Puerto Rico again but would first need to see a restoration of economic growth, a sustainably balanced budget and "a reduction in liabilities to an affordable level" through debt restructuring.

The more Puerto Rico is able to shrink its debt burden, the more money presumably will be available to pay back its restructured bonds, improving those securities' performance in the market.

Current creditors, on the other hand, say Puerto Rico should repay as much of its $73 billion in debt as it can to placate investors, reaffirm its willingness to pay and entice them to lend again.

Hedge funds, mutual funds and bond insurers with billions of dollars in Puerto Rico claims on the line have also warned of contagion effects in the U.S. municipal marketplace if deep losses scare investors and make financing more difficult for other issuers struggling with pension funding gaps, junk bond ratings and collapsing infrastructures.

But the municipal marketplace has outperformed other asset classes even as Puerto Rico's credit quality deteriorated, Mr. Hammer said. Puerto Rico's benchmark securities are also virtually unchanged from before its placement under court protection, which was widely expected.

Write to Andrew Scurria at Andrew.Scurria@wsj.com 

Document RSTPROBK20170509ed5a000ul




Reps. Davis & Lipinski Join Aon Apprentices to Announce Bipartisan Bill to Reinvigorate America's Apprenticeship Programs; Rep. Rodney Davis (R-IL) News Release

504 words
10 May 2017
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2017 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

U.S. Reps. Rodney Davis (R-Ill.) and Dan Lipinski (D-Ill.) today visited Aon apprentices and announced their bipartisan bill to reinvigorate America's apprenticeship programs in our skilled industries. Davis and Lipinski recently reintroduced the LEAP Act (H.R. 2399), which uses tax incentives to encourage more companies to offer apprenticeship programs.

"Reducing college debt has been a focus of mine since coming to Congress and apprenticeships can help with this," said Davis. "For example, the apprentices at Aon learn valuable workplace skills while also attending college classes to complete an associate's degree. At the end of the program, these young men and women have a job and a college degree that didn't require any student loans. We want more companies to utilize apprenticeships, not only to help reduce college debt, but also to help retrain our workforce. The LEAP Act will help us accomplish this important, bipartisan goal."

"Apprenticeships provide highly valuable opportunities to combine learning in the classroom with learning on the job while earning a paycheck," said Lipinski. "If we can get more people into apprenticeships, we can make a great difference in their lives while also helping businesses find the skilled employees they need. I am very impressed with Aon's apprenticeship program and their apprentices, and the LEAP Act will help more businesses to follow Aon's lead."

"Apprenticeships are a proven model for training and building a career- now it's time to make apprenticeships look more like today's economy," said Bridget Gainer, Vice President of Global Affairs at Aon.

Key details of the LEAP Act include:

* Offering a federal tax credit for hiring new apprentices that are registered with the U.S. Department of Labor or a state apprenticeship agency.

* Addressing the fact that the average age of apprentices is currently as high as 29 by offering a tax credit of $1,500 for apprentices under 25. The tax credit for apprentices over 25 is $1,000.

* Being fully paid for through an offset: cutting printing waste by barring the federal government from producing publications that are available online with an exception for seniors, Medicare recipients and in communities with limited internet access.

Aon apprenticeship details:

* Aon created an apprenticeship program and has urged peers across the industry to follow their lead in order to close that training gap.

* Apprentices are trained in account management, client support, financial analysis, and technology.

* Aon will hire 25 apprentices each year for the next four years.

* Apprentices are paid for full-time work, even though some of their time is spent in class.

* Participants get an education - graduating with an associate's degree from Harold Washington College, which Aon covers the cost.

* Apprentices will graduate with an industry-recognized apprenticeship experience, in addition to an associate's degree.

Read this original document at: http://rodneydavis.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399327

Document CONGDP0020170511ed5a0003x




Car Loans Bank has announced a new fantastic product aimed at those with poor credit.

504 words
10 May 2017
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2017, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

A Manitoba Bad Credit Car Loan will be available to anyone in the Manitoba area in need of a loan for a car, no matter their circumstances. Finding the right car loan can be tricky, especially if a customer has bad credit. A Manitoba Car Loan can help.

Whether a customer is hoping to buy a SUV or a Prius, Car Loans Manitoba should be the first port of call. Buying a car can be stressful for anyone, and the big prices and difficulty that many people find in obtaining a loan can often put off buyers.

Not anymore. Bad credit or repossessions don't affect the chances of a Manitoba Car Loan being approved. Within hours customers can be driving away in their dream car, and any past debt or bankruptcy will be a distant memory.

A spokesperson for Car Loans Bank said: "The Manitoba Bad Credit Car Loans will make buying a car easy and affordable for people across the Manitoba area."

With these products, the prospect of divorce is no longer a stain on a customer's credit history either. Things have changed. Car loans in Manitoba will never be a problem again for those who apply for a loan with this new company.

Worried about history?

Customers shouldn't panic about bad credit history. Manitoba Bad Credit Car Loans can help buyers whatever the eventuality. Working carefully with lenders across Canada, their easy online application process can help re-establish credit instantly.

Applying online only takes two minutes, and the simple form only asks for information that the company actually need to help quickly provide loans.

Affordable rates

The rates offered by Manitoba Bad Credit Car Loans allow any buyer to rebuild their credit history quickly and easily, with repayments carefully arranged to maximise affordability.

Trusted service

A high-tech and secure website means that details given during the application process are kept confidential, and Manitoba Car Loans can make an instant decision. Then, funds can be in an account and the purchase made in moments.

Serving the whole Manitoba region

If anyone needs a bad credit car loan across the Manitoba region, Manitoba Car Loans will help. Of course, Winnipeg is covered, but beyond the big city a Manitoba Car Loan is available everywhere in the region: If they need credit in Selkirk, Brandon or Mordon, or elsewhere, a buyer can now purchase the car they've always wanted.

Media Contact

Company Name: Car Loans Bank

Contact Person: Shama Craig

Email: info@carloansbank.com

Phone: +1 (855) 261-9884

Address:1120 Finch Avenue West, Suite 701-1622

City: Toronto

State: Ontario

Country: Canada

Website: https://carloansbank.com/

Source: www.abnewswire.com

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020170511ed5a000b5


Participant Understanding of Fees Improves Only Slowly

Amanda Umpierrez 
504 words
5 May 2017
Plan Adviser
PLNADV
English
© 2017. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

The Department of Labor has enacted a number of initiatives in the last decade to increase retirement plan fee and pricing transparency, but participant awareness of what and how they pay continues to lag.   

Mandatory fee disclosures under 408(b)(2) and 404(a)(5) were put in place to boost transparency and communication regarding retirement plan provider fees, services and potential conflicts of interest.

However experts widely agree that, while the regulations certainly made much more information available to plan participants, relatively few retirement plan investors take full advantage of the increased disclosures. 

"I suspect that some plan participants use the disclosures as best as they can, and probably a lot of participants just throw it away," says Aron Szapiro, director of policy research at Morningstar. "Or they don't look at the disclosures until there is some big decision point coming, but then they need a little extra help to contextualize it."

Jim Sampson, director of retirement advisory services at Hilb Group Retirement Services, believes that fee disclosures have benefited the small group of participants who are drawn to make the effort to understand retirement plan fees, but "this is clearly not every participant."

"That's what the plan fee disclosures have done, opened the eyes of people who pay attention," he says. "Unfortunately, not everybody pays attention."

Will Hansen, senior vice president of retirement and compensation policy for the ERISA Industry Committee (ERIC), agrees that promoting understanding of fee disclosures is a big challenge right now. He says he believes transparency and awareness "start with genuine engagement between a plan sponsor and participant, especially through financial wellness programs."

"If you engage an individual at the very basic level of even doing some simple budgeting types of exercises, hopefully you can build off of that foundation and get to the point where you then get a little further into the weeds of explaining to a person what and how they pay for the plan," Hansen suggests. "In addition, many plan sponsors say they would benefit from more transparency around what other plan sponsor are paying. Anything you can do to sort of contextualize what these fees mean overtime is going to be valuable."

Although education on fee disclosures is essential, to Sampson, just as important is to ensure participants can understand the overall value of their plan in a simplified manner. Whereas fee disclosures highlight the charges participants pay for each part of the plan, Sampson urges plan sponsors and participants to weigh this information against "the real value associated with the plan."

"There's an awful lot of emphasis on fees within 401(k) plans, where, maybe instead there should be a little more emphasis on the value side of the equation," he says. "What are you getting for those fees?"

Szapiro agrees, and emphasizes the "imperative role plan sponsors play in interpreting fees and value and providing the best options, and keeping the participants' interest in mind."

editors@assetinternational.com 

Document PLNADV0020170506ed5500001




Lifestyle
Expert help needed to navigate way through estate law

Ian Conrad 
504 words
25 April 2017
Townsville Bulletin
TOWNBU
TownsvilleFeatureA
3
English
© 2017 News Limited. All rights reserved. 

COUPLES in a second (or subsequent) relationships with children from previous relationships often have wills that leave everything to each other. They agree that when the second partner dies, they will leave half their assets to the children of the first partner to die.

However, when one partner dies, it is very common for the other partner to eventually change their will to exclude the other's children. It is only natural that you want your estate to benefit your own children, who support you in your later years. The survivor rarely has a close continuing relationship with their stepchildren after their partner dies. It is very common for people to form new relationships after a partner dies - often surprisingly quickly.

You might take the "don't worry about it" approach and expect your partner not to exclude your children from their will, after you die. In reality, you are making the choice that: "My children should not expect to receive anything if I die first." Your partner will inevitably change their will after you die, as they move on and their life circumstances change. The more time that passes after the first dies, the more certain it becomes that the survivor will change their will.

Even if the surviving partner does not change their will, there is every possibility they will end up in another relationship. That may make it impossible for them to honour any agreement not to change their will. Remarriage would void the current will. A new de facto partner could challenge their will, even if they honour the agreement not to change their will.

You could enter into a contract with each other not to change your wills after the other dies. However, there are significant difficulties with this. If the survivor nevertheless changes their will, the new will is valid. Your children would have the right to sue the estate of your partner, if they do change their will. That requires expensive litigation. The disappointed beneficiaries may not be able to afford to pursue litigation. Lawyers may end up with more of your estate than your beneficiaries.

A testamentary trust can be used to preserve interests of children of the first to die.

This may be the only option that can work without unacceptable side effects. They are however by their nature complex and as a result easy to get very wrong and usually relatively expensive if done well.

A simple, less-than-perfect but acceptable solution, is often available. However, it is critical that this be well thought out to suit your circumstances. Great care is required to balance the needs and interests of each partner and their respective children. Skilled guidance is essential - you don't know what can go wrong because you don't know what you don't know. Estates law is complicated and often counterintuitive.Ian Conrad is the principal at Conrad Law in Townsville, specialising in business and succession law

Document TOWNBU0020170424ed4p00022




Money
A feel-bad factor as npower break into my late granny's home

Anna Tims 
504 words
19 April 2017
05:00 PM
The Observer
OB
English
© Copyright 2017. The Observer. All rights reserved. 

They removed the gas and electricity meter for non-payment, despite me telling them she'd died a year before

Npower broke into my grandmother's house and removed the gas and electricity meters, despite having been told a year ago that she'd died. It justified the forced entry by claiming she owed £1,300, a bill it admitted had been wrongly estimated. In fact, £300 was owing but was only unpaid because npower hadn't updated its systems when we reported her death.

It told us that it had tried to phone prior to breaking in, causing £100-worth of damage. It turns out it had not logged her death on the system.

Over two months, I and several other relatives had to take annual leave to keep appointments with npower, several of which were missed without explanation. I had to spend four hours waiting in the unheated house on the first anniversary of her death, only to be told that npower had no note of the appointment, despite me confirming it with them that morning. I've also had to chase third-party contractors on npower's behalf to reinstate the meters.

After offering £50 to repair the damage and £120 for the missed appointments and stress, npower has closed our complaint and accused us of "chasing compensation". It's ironic that "get the feel-good factor" is one of its slogans. We don't feel good. HS, Ilkley, Yorkshire

When npower writes to you again it makes no bones about the fact that it was prompted by The Observer. It's wondrous how the media spotlight can cause the blindest companies to see clearly, and what npower suddenly sees is that it had been advised of your grandmother's death but has no record of it, and that it broke in to fit a pre-payment meter despite also being told by a neighbour that the owner had died and it had missed "several" appointments. It ups its compensation offer to £500 and candidly admits this is "following a discussion with our press office".

Its contrition, or rather its fear of a damaging headline, would seem more plausible if it didn't then send your late grandmother a letter asking her to set up a direct debit. It says it will raise this as a "query" rather than a complaint because, following its burst of largesse, it considers the case closed.

After more to-ing and fro-ing, however, it agrees to pay £970 for the stress, distress and the expenses you've been put to. Npower says: "We have been in contact with the customer to apologise and resolve the issues. The account has now been updated as required."

If you need help email Anna Tims at  your.problems@observer.co.uk  or write to Your Problems, The Observer, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU. Include an address and phone number.

Document OB00000020170419ed4j00001




Money
UNEXPECTED PROBLEM IN THE BAGGING AREA Sainsbury's has changed some its self-service tills and customers are not happy

By Tara Evans, Digital Consumer Editor 
504 words
18 April 2017
02:22 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2017 

SAINSBURY'S has changed some its self-service checkouts to card-only machines - and customers are not happy.

The supermarket has rolled out the new technology at a number of stores across the country.

figcaptionUsing a self-service checkout is already tough?but some customers are furious with the changes that Sainsbury's has made

figcreditAlamy

The new card-only checkouts are supposed to make it easier and quicker for shoppers.

But customers have complained that they can no longer buy weighed items or use their own bags, forcing them to lug shopping to an alternative check-out or till.

One shopper said: "@sainsburys Please can your self-service machines have a 'weigh bags' option? I like being able to pack before I've paid, esp frozen stuff".

Another said: "@sainsburys why can't I use my own bag on self service tills anymore? #unexpectediteminthebaggingarea"

Others have complained that the new tills are harder to use.@sainsburys changed its self service checkout interface but it has actually regressed into sthg more confusing and visually displeasing

- In Morpork (@ladystormhold) April 12, 2017

Who the hell designed the UX/UI for those @sainsburys self-service checkouts? It's a mess. I have to re-learn it every time I use one

- Leon Tyler (@ImLeonTyler) April 11, 2017

The new voice at Sainsburys' self-service tills says 'goodbye' like she's about to push you down an empty lift shaft.

- Rebecca Paul (@beckyjpaul) April 4, 2017@sainsburys Please can your self-service machines have a 'weigh bags' option? I like being able to pack before I've paid, esp frozen stuff.

- Debbie (@Deborah_Deborah) April 2, 2017@sainsburys why can't I use my own bag on self service tills anymore? #unexpectediteminthebaggingarea

- Louis Figgis (@LouisFiggis) March 25, 2017

One shopper said: "@Sainsburys changed its self service checkout interface but it has actually regressed into sthg [something] more confusing and visually displeasing."

Another said: "Who the hell designed the UX/UI for those @sainsburys self-service checkouts? It's a mess. I have to re-learn every time I use one."

A Sainsbury's spokesperson said: "We've introduced card-only tills in over 20 convenience stores and supermarkets to offer customers even more choice and help them shop more easily and quickly.

"These are, of course, in addition to manned tills and colleagues are also always available to assist customers with their shopping."

Last month, the supermarket bemused shoppers when a picture of daffodils went viral.

The label warned customers not to eat the flowers. Shoppers mocked the supermarket and even suggested possible recipes for the unusual delicacy.We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516

Document THESUK0020170417ed4h004h6




Money
SMOKE ALARM WARNING Millions of households in danger because they don't have a working smoke alarm

By Sophie Christie, Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
12 April 2017
12:12 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2017 

MILLIONS of households in England are at risk because they don't have a working fire alarm in their property.

One in eight households in England are failing to take "the most basic" fire prevention measures in their properties because they don't have a working smoke alarm, according to new research.

figcreditAlamy

More than a fifth of households in England have never tested their smoke alarm to see if it works[/caption]

With more than 90 per cent of domestic fires accidental

,

having a fully functional smoke alarm could make a huge difference in the event of a fire.

Research by Direct Line Home Insurance found that 12 per cent of properties across the country do not contain a working smoke alarm, amounting to around 2.7million households.

And more than a fifth of households - just under five million homes - have never tested their smoke alarm to see if it works.

Direct Line said people were putting themselves at risk by not having working smoke alarms in their properties.

When looking at the causes of accidental domestic fires, it found that cooking appliances accounted for nearly a third of all incidents across England, with 16,549 out of a total of 53,725 fires.

Of this number, more than half of incidents involved cookers, while other cooking appliances responsible for domestic blazes include microwaves and barbecues, while grills and toasters are responsible for around a tenth of all fires.

figcreditAlamy

Cooking appliances account for nearly a third of all domestic fires across England[/caption]

According to Direct Line's research, in half of all fires in 2014/15 there was either a smoke alarm that was broken (20 per cent) or no smoke alarm at all (30 per cent).

It also found that a quarter of accidental fires take place between the hours of 5pm and 8pm, with almost a third occurring on the weekend.

One in ten fires take place overnight, the insurer said.

You should:

liTest your smoke alarm when the clocks change

liGently remove dust from the sensors using a soft brush twice a year

liOnce a year change the battery (unless it's a ten-year alarm)

liReplace your alarm after 10 years

liTest your alarm once a month to ensure it's working properly

Rebecca Clapham of Direct Line, said: "This research shows that fires can happen at any time. More than 90 per cent of domestic fires are accidental, so having a fully functional smoke alarm is a small measure that can make a huge difference in the event of a fire.

"It is worrying to see the number of homeowners who are not taking the most basic fire prevention measures in their properties."We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516

Document THESUK0020170411ed4b0043a




Money
The best deals on everything you need for a brilliant BBQ this weekend, from food deals to new grills

By Molly Holt 
504 words
10 April 2017
11:38 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2017 Mirror Group Ltd 

Go all out for the first tropical conditions of the summer with these top offers on cheap barbecues, food and garden furniture from the likes of Argos, Tesco and Asda

Britain is set to roast in aFather's Dayspecial heat wave this weekend, with temperatures set to soar to a whopping 35 degrees.

We've rounded up some of the best deals out there on everything you need to make your hot weekend a success - from bargainBBQs, to cheap food deals, from the UK's high street and supermarkets.

So get outside, grab a bear and light the coals, as it's time to make the most of the rare English sun.

If your lacklustre grill has been hiding at the back of the shed since last August, here's our top choices for an upgrade.

Disposable ones are available from most major supermarkets, although usually for a few quid. The cheapest places to buy them are eitherPoundlandorPoundworld,where unsurprisingly, they're £1.

The next cheapest place to pick one up is atWilko,where they're £1.80, orAmazon do a huge, family sized one for £10.99,which can be delivered on Prime.

Here's the best options for more reusable options:

Kettle barbecue starter pack with utensils - from Argos,

Rectangular trolley charcoal barbecue - from Tesco,

Uniflame family kettle barbecue - from Asda,

La Hacienda camping firepit with grill - from Wilko,

Argos charcoal oil drum - from Argos,

Best paddling pools and garden toys to help you survive the heatwave this weekend

Deluxe Lovo Premium Charcoal Party barbecue with rotisserie - from Argos,

American charcoal grill - from Wilko,

6 burner gas barbecue with side burner and cover - from Tesco,

Char-Broil 2 burner tru-infrared gas barbecue with cover - from Argos,

Uniflame select 5 burner and side and rotisserie gas grill - from Asda,

The best food festivals across the UK - from London's Meatopia to the Big Feastival in the Cotswolds

If you've picked up your shiny new BBQ and want to test it out with some tasty summer treats, here's our top picks of the best barbecue food offers around this weekend:

Iceland

free 900g tub of Italiano ice-cream

Tesco

3 for £10 or 2 for £7 on their barbecue food selection,

grilled meats range

see their full list of barbecue offers here.

Groupon currently 56% off on barbecue hampers from Live Lean Nutrition,

Asda's prosecco is a cool £6

Aldi's award winning £5.99 bottle

Cheap wine deals: The best offers from supermarkets including Tesco and Asda, such as 25% off and 3 for £10

What to wear to a barbecue - sizzle in style with our summer fashion picks

If you've become a bit stuck in a BBQ rut, here's some of our favourite tricks for how to mix things up:

Jamie Oliver's aptly named new book 'The Bbq Book'

Hickory wood chips

Document MIRUK00020170410ed4a00360




Martin Lewis reveals how much tax YOU will pay in 2017 and 2018 with a tax calculator

By Emily Hodgkin 
504 words
10 April 2017
11:57 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2017 

MARTIN LEWIS of Money Saving Expert can tell you how much tax you will pay in 2017 and 2017 with this tax calculator.

GETTY

Martin Lewis, Money Saving Expert, reveals how much tax you will pay in 2017 and 2018

Income tax, do you know exactly how much you'll spend on yours in the coming tax year?

Luckily Martin Lewis, the financial journalist behind Money Saving Expert, has created a free tax calculator to help.

If you insert your wage into the website, it will tell you how much you will pay in income tax and in national insurance.

For example, if you earn £22,000 next year you will pay £2,098 in tax.

Related articles Martin Lewis - How to get up to £32,000 free with your Lifetime ISA Lifetime ISA - Martin Lewis explains how to get £32000 FREE

GETTY

Martin Lewis, the financial journalist behind Money Saving Expert, has created a free tax calculator

If you are paid £30,000 per year you will pay £3,698.

Those who earn £60,000 will pay £12,696 per year.

If you earn £120,000 you will pay £40,696 next year.

You can work out the exact amount of tax you will pay - and exactly what portion of your wage you will pocket - using the calculator.

However, the website does warn that the calculator is fairly basic.

It said: "This is only a ready reckoner that makes standard assumptions to estimate your tax breakdown. "There are many other possible variables, for a definitive source check your tax code and speak to the tax office."

It added: "This calculator assumes you're employed, as self-employed national insurance rates are different.

"For higher- and top-rate taxpayers, this calculator assumes the English, Welsh & Northern Irish tax bands.

GETTY

If you insert your wage into the website, it will tell you how much you will pay in income tax

"We're working with the provider to get the Scottish bands in, but the results will be slightly out at the moment."

The website also provides a free tax code calculator, so you can find out if you are owed a rebate.

Martin recently explained how you can get up to £32,000 free with the new new LISA .

Discussing the ISA, Martin said: "The launch yesterday of the new LISA looks like a bit of a damp squib, with only a few providers offering them. Yet don't ignore it. After all, £1,000 of annual free cash is not to be sneezed at - and for first-time buyers, delay could cost."

You can use the the calculator to work out your income tax here.

Related articles Martin Lewis explains the best cash ISAs and why YOU should have one Martin Lewis - how to get your Waitrose tea or coffee for JUST 3p Martin Lewis ISA deadline 2017 - which account should YOU open?

Document EXCO000020170410ed4a003mn


Back Page
Protect yourself from politics

Dineo Tsamela 
504 words
9 April 2017
The Sunday Times
SUNTIM
Business Times
English
Copyright 2017 Times Media (Pty) Ltd 

Investors must go global as a shield against uncertainty

POLITICAL uncertainty is one of the worst things that could happen to your investment portfolio. Unlike risk - which can be measured up to a point - the impact of uncertainty requires a wait-and-see approach.

Karin Richards, an independent trader, says it's for these moments you should have stocks that hedge against rand movements: companies with a diversified geographical presence.

"Look for well-managed companies with hard currency earnings," says Richards. Her picks for long-term hedging are British American Tobacco, property group Hammerson, mining company Glencore, retail group Steinhoff and paper and pulp manufacturer Mondi.

Richards says it's important to look at the company's geographical split of revenue and earnings.

Many companies provide a table of sensitivities to the currencies that impact them most in the "analyst fact book" section or in the company's results presentation booklet, she says.

Investors should ensure that foreign-denominated debt is matched by revenue in percentage terms. "If 10% of debt is in euros, check that roughly 10% of revenue is also in euros."

Exchange traded funds that track international indices are a great way to venture into international markets without having the worry of having to pick individual stocks.

Choosing an ETF like DB-X Eurostoxx 50, which Richards says is an "excellent rand hedge", along with the DB-X US, might make sense.

The Eurostoxx tracks the top 50 companies in the eurozone, while the DB-X US tracks the MSCI USA index, which measures the performance of the US economy.

However, she cautions that "after an eight-year bull market, investors should stagger their buying and keep some cash for the inevitable dips".

Kristia van Heerden, CEO of investment education platform Just One Lap, says some of her picks for international exposure are the CoreShares S& P Global Property and CoreShares S& P500 ETF.

The property fund tracks top property companies across eight countries. The CoreShares S& P500 ETF tracks 500 US shares.

As the rand had been strong recently (but is now rapidly weakening), pay attention to your timing.

Buying foreign stocks when the rand is on a downward spiral could lose you money.

Local stocks tend to be affected by rand movements and political noise. For example, since the recall of former finance minister Pravin Gordhan from Europe on Monday last week, the JSE Banks index has fallen by around 13%.

But beware of being tempted to sell in a panic: such a move would be rash, says Van Heerden.

Instead of succumbing to your emotions, snap up some stocks that are good value, or simply hold on to what you have and ignore the noise.

As an investor, you can never be certain what elements - be they political, economic or industry specific - could affect your portfolio.

Taking well-thought-out safety measures now could end up saving you a lot of money.

& x95;Follow Tsamela on Twitter @DineoTsamela

Cap

Document SUNTIM0020170410ed490000o




Real Estate
Saskatoon housing market stable despite downturn

Alex MacPherson, Saskatoon StarPhoenix 
504 words
6 April 2017
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2017 Postmedia Breaking News 

Home sales in some areas surrounding Saskatoon fell off a cliff in the first quarter of 2017, but the city's real estate market appears to be holding on amid a commodities downturn that has led to layoffs, soaring vacancy rates and deep government cuts.

Saskatoon recorded 723 sales worth a total of $246 million in the first three months of the year, compared to 714 sales totalling $245.8 million in the same period last year, according to the Saskatoon Region Association of Realtors (SRAR).

"We've got a very diverse economy, and there's a lot of other industries that aren't directly impacted by the commodity prices that are doing well, and that trickles down to other businesses," SRAR CEO Jason Yochim said.

At the same time, stable sales figures and prices - the average price of a home in Saskatoon declined just 1.2 per cent from the first quarter of 2016, to $340,303 - could also be a result of people choosing to hold onto their properties, he said.

"I think (people will avoid selling) as long as they can afford to keep the payments going, even if they're underwater. It's usually a pretty stable place to keep your money parked."

Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) officials came to a similar conclusion earlier this year, noting that a 0.97 per cent year-over-year decline in the city's home price index suggests financial distress is not at a level where people are choosing to sell.

"People, even if they've lost their job, they'll run through their savings, they'll take on part-time jobs, they'll do things they're not proud of to pay the mortgage," CREA chief economist Gregory Klump said in a February interview.

SRAR statistics released this week paint a bleaker picture of real estate sales in the communities surrounding Saskatoon, where 167 properties worth a total of $56.2 million changed hands in the first quarter, down 12.6 per cent from the first three months of 2016.

Yochim said the bulk of that decline is attributable to small towns, acreages and farms, because home sales in Warman and Martensville - the two largest communities in the region - remained relatively flat year-over-year.

Martensville's population ballooned by 25 per cent over the last five years, but growth has since slowed to more sustainable levels, allowing commercial and industrial development to catch up, according to Mayor Kent Muench.

While housing prices have shot up over the last decade, sales remain steady, largely due to a wide variety of amenities that have moved into the city over the last several years, Muench said.

"I think the trend overall in Martensville and other places is the market is definitely (leaning) more toward smaller houses, smaller lots - not what they were before 2007."

amacpherson@postmedia.com( mailto:amacpherson@postmedia.com )

twitter.com/macphersona( http://www.twitter.com/macphersona )

Document CWNS000020170406ed46002hg




Money
Welcome to the 'micro' bank: Lloyds reveals plans to shrink over 100 high street branches as brand goes 'digital'

By Emma Munbodh 
504 words
5 April 2017
02:31 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2017 Mirror Group Ltd 

The news comes just a year after the group unveiled plans to close 400 of its branches around the UK, with 9,000 job losses

Lloyds Bank has announced plans to shrink a number of its branches down to just two members of staff as the brand adapts to the demand for 'digital banking'.

The firm - which also owns Halifax and the Bank of Scotland - and caters for over 30 million UK consumers, has revealed a reform of its current branch network - replacing 'key' locations with 'micro' style branches and in some cases boarding up the old counter sections.

The news comes just one year after the group announced plans to axe 400 of its branches around the UK , with 9,000 job losses.

Under the 'transformation', medium-sized existing branches will become "community" branches - in rural areas - or "anchor" branches in towns and cities.

Thousands of Halifax customers owed up to £100 over 'missing' rewards payments - how to check if you're due cash back

The new "micro branches" will be staffed by just two people, who will help customers use machines and pay-in devices.

Around 25 new "micro" stores will open - with many smaller town branches being refit to match this model. Lloyds is yet to release the full list of branches affected.

They will be counter-less - and staff will carry tablet computers to help customers.

There will also be video links for customers to talk to mortgage advisers, but for complex transactions they will have to visit a bigger branch.

A micro trial already exists at a Lloyds Bank branch in Paternoster Square, London, which uses less than 1,000 square feet of space.

Lloyds said under the reform there will be just one flagship branch per brand.

The first, a Lloyds branch, will open in the centre of Manchester this summer. That will be followed by a flagship Halifax branch in central London.

It also confirmed plans to open a fleet of 'mobile' branches across the Lloyds Bank and Bank of Scotland networks with 20 new branches being introduced by the end of the year.

This will start with branches in South Wales, Devon and Gloucestershire over the new few weeks.

In the past two years, HSBC, RBS, Barclays and Lloyds have collectively shut down more than 1,046 banks as consumers turn to "digital banking".

Defending its decision, the group said the changes are part of plans to "to ensure we give our customers the choice they are looking for".

A spokesperson for Lloyds Banking Group told Mirror Money: "Branches are a vital part of our strategy, and we're investing in our network to make sure it's right for the future.

"We're transforming branches, responding to customers and giving them choice, including new flagship branches in city centre locations, and introducing some smaller micro-formats alongside our community and mobile branches."

Document MIRUK00020170404ed44003e9




ScriptRelief Partners With Clockwise.MD to Power a New Mobile App for Healthcare Providers

504 words
3 April 2017
10:40 PM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2017    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

NEW YORK, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ScriptRelief, the creator of pharmacy discount cards that have saved Americans more than $1 billion on prescription purchases, announced today that it has partnered with Clockwise.MD to increase the functionality of a new mobile application developed specifically for healthcare providers. The app is free to both healthcare partners and their patients.

With Clockwise.MD's technology built into ScriptRelief's new white label app, patients can use their smart phones to easily schedule appointments with their preferred healthcare providers. The app also allows patients to contact a location with a specific inquiry, and to generate a digital coupon for a prescribed medication.

"We are thrilled that our new mobile app includes the popular self-scheduling technology provided by Clockwise.MD," announced Todd Pitner, SVP Sales & Business Development at ScriptRelief. "We built this app to empower our healthcare partners to better serve their patients. Clockwise.MD's scheduling functionality greatly improves the patient experience within the app, increasing the likelihood that patients will turn to the app whenever medical services and prescription discounts are needed."

In addition to giving patients the capability to instantly compare prescription prices at competing area pharmacies, the app fully integrates any partner's branding, key services, and mapping. Once customized, the fully branded app highlights office locations on a mobile map, and provides office hours and contact information by location, along with the list of services provided at each individual facility.

"Clockwise.MD is excited to partner with ScriptRelief on their new mobile application," shared Mike Burke, CEO of Clockwise.MD. "ScriptRelief's custom application comes at a critical time of change in healthcare. Providers using both ScriptRelief prescription savings and Clockwise.MD self-scheduling and virtual queuing will be able to provide the consumer-centered service that today's patients now expect."

To learn more about this complementary offering, interested parties can contact Todd Pitner: tpitner@scriptrelief.com

About ScriptRelief LLC

ScriptRelief, LLC is the creator of a family of pharmacy discount cards including the Healthcare Alliance card. Through its platform, ScriptRelief provides medication discounts that help consumers save up to 75 percent on prescriptions. In its years of operation, ScriptRelief has helped more than 10 million Americans save over $1 billion on prescription medications. Learn more about the company at http://scriptrelief.com.

About Clockwise.MD

Clockwise.MD provides online self-scheduling and queue management solutions for healthcare organizations, helping providers to manage their patients' experience of waiting for care. Clockwise.MD customers realize a measured increase in patient satisfaction scores and patient volume. For more information about Clockwise.MD, please visit http://www.clockwisemd.com.

Press Contact: Shea Communications

Richard Shea, Tess O'Brien (212) 627-5766

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scriptrelief-partners-with-clockwisemd-to-power-a-new-mobile-app-for-healthcare-providers-300433064.html

SOURCE ScriptRelief

/Web site: http://scriptrelief.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020170403ed43000cc




Features
ARE YOU HEIR TO A FORTUNE?

504 words
26 March 2017
Wales on Sunday
WALONS
1; National
32,33
English
© Western Mail and Echo Ltd, 2017. 

Could you be the heir of someone who has died without making a will. Tyler Mears looks at how to find out

HEN people die they leave behind everything they owned - whether that's money, property, businesses or cars.

WThis becomes known as the person's estate. This can range from a few thousand pounds to potentially millions.

But what happens to these estates when someone dies without leaving a will? If someone dies without leaving a valid or effective will (intestate) their closest living relatives are entitled to the estate.

If no entitled blood relatives come forward to make a claim in 12 years, the money will automatically be passed to the state.

¦ How to check if you're an heir You can check if any of your family members have died and left a valuable estate to which you may be entitled online.

A list of unclaimed estates is held by the Treasury Solicitor.

Among other things, the Treasury Solicitor's Department collects, manages and disposes of bona vacantia (ownerless property and other assets) in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.

This includes the estates of people who die intestate and with no entitled relatives.

The Division publishes a list of unclaimed estates which have been recently referred, but not yet administered, and historic cases which have been administered but not yet been claimed within the time limits for doing so.

The list is updated every working day. ¦ How to make a claim Check your entitlement. If someone dies without leaving a valid or effective will the following are entitled to the estate in the order shown below: Husband, wife or civil partner; children; grandchildren; great grandchildren and so on; mother or father; brothers or sisters who share both the same mother and father, or their children (nieces and nephews); half brothers or sisters or their children (nieces and nephews of the half blood or their children); uncles and aunts or their children (first cousins or their descendants); half uncles and aunts or their children (first cousins of the half blood or their children).

If you are, for example, a first cousin of the deceased, you would only be entitled to share in the estate if there are no relatives above you in the order of entitlement, for example, a niece or nephew.

¦ Make a claim If an entitled relative survived the deceased but has since died, that relative's personal representative (the person legally entitled to deal with their estate) must make a claim to the deceased person's estate.

If you believe you are entitled to claim an estate, send a family tree which shows how you are related to the person who has died, and include the dates of birth, marriage and death of all those on the tree.

If it appears that you may be entitled to claim the estate, you will then be asked to supply documentary evidence that proves your entitlement.

UNCLAIMED ESTATES OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE DIED IN Wales

Document WALONS0020170326ed3q0000b




Declutter to get that sale

DIANA CLEMENT 
504 words
25 March 2017
The New Zealand Herald
NZHLD
G002 ##Category## Features
English
(c) 2017 The New Zealand Herald 

The faster you declutter, the quicker you sell your home. Less stuff gives the impression of more space and allows buyers to imagine their own belongings in your home.

It's relatively easy to get rid of excess sofas, chairs, bicycles and other big stuff. But sweating the small stuff can be a whole lot more difficult.

Don't be fooled that you can hide the clutter. Open home viewers open cupboards and drawers to imagine where their own stuff would go. Jam-packed drawers give the impression of no space. And that's a real no-no.

"Buyers like storage room," says Martin Cooper, managing director of Harcourts Cooper & Co on the North Shore. "So let them see you have plenty of room by not having it all full."

Declutter your drawers, shelves, wardrobes, linen cupboards, kitchen surfaces, garages, and anywhere else you can to stop even the slightest impersonation of a hoarder. The more you can get rid of, the easier and cheaper your move will be. Don't expect to do this all in one weekend. Give yourself a few months if you can and do a bit every night.

Start with your wardrobe. That's an area where many Kiwis have clutter blindness.

"When you wear an item and return it to your wardrobe, turn the hanger around the other way," Daniel Coulson, national residential manager at Bayleys says. "After a couple of weeks of this, you will pretty quickly see what items you can do without."

Cooper's cure is for vendors to interview every item in their wardrobe. "If you have not worn it for a year get rid of it. Set a goal number like 20 items get fired today."

Do the same with pantry, linen cupboard, kitchen cabinets and anywhere else you're hoarding excess stuff, says Cooper.

Other tips to declutter include:

?Give one item away a day or at least list it on Trade Me if it's worth something and you couldn't otherwise part with it. That's 90 fewer things in your house after three months.

?Fill pink bags. Use a five-minute slot to fill a pink charity bag or bin liner. Don't sit down until it's stuffed full with items to donate to charity. Then take that bag to the Op Shop quickly before you change your mind. Or fill the bag with items that you can sell in one bulk lot on Trade Me.

?Take the 12-12-12 challenge. Find 12 items to donate, 12 to throw away or recycle and 12 to return to relocate. Another such numbers challenge is the 1-2-3. Every time you decide what to do with one item, pick up number two and then three and deal with that as well.

?Ask yourself , "Do I really need this"? Or use other psychological approaches such as "If I had to buy this today would I be willing to pay money for it?"

Document NZHLD00020170324ed3p0001g


4 Simple Rules for Proper E-mail Etiquette

Miriam Cross, Staff Writer, <i>Kiplinger's Personal Finance</i> 
504 words
22 March 2017
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved. 

Follow these guidelines to prevent e-mail faux pas from leaving your mailbox.

What are appropriate ways to begin and end work-related e-mails? Save "Hi" for colleagues and work acquaintances. New clients should be greeted with "Hello" or "Dear," followed by "Mr." or "Ms." (or a professional title) and the person's surname. "The addressee won't notice the word hello as much as the respect factor," says Diane Gottsman, etiquette expert and owner of the Protocol School of Texas. To close the e-mail, you can't go wrong with "Sincerely," "Best" or "Kind regards," whereas "Cheers" may come off as too jaunty. You can drop formal greetings as the e-mail conversation continues; take your cue from your recipient as to when to use first names.

See Also: 5 Things You Should Never Put In an E-mail

What if you're writing to a general in-box that starts with "info@" or the like, rather than to a specific person? "To Whom It May Concern" makes for a cold greeting, even to a stranger, says Gottsman. Instead, acknowledge that there's a human on the other end and go with "'Dear Hiring Manager" or "To the Customer Service Team."

I was looped into a group e-mail discussion on a topic that's not my expertise. Should I respond? If your e-mail address appears in the "To" line, yes, says Rosanne Thomas, president of Protocol Advisors, an etiquette consultancy. If you're included in the "cc:" box or as part of a large preset e-mail group, you're usually off the hook, and recipients might even appreciate your keeping the thread uncluttered. One exception: If the request comes from a superior or client, send a short, private note back so he or she doesn't think you are being unresponsive.

Can I send a formal sympathy or thank-you note by e-mail rather than regular mail? Write condolence cards by hand: This personal touch is more comforting and meaningful than an e-mail and better conveys the gravity of the loss. Plus, the recipient might appreciate being able to pull out the card to reread it in the future. A thank-you message via e-mail is often sufficient, especially when you want to thank someone quickly. But in cases in which someone has done you a special favor, such as helping you out in an emergency or nominating you for an award, send a handwritten letter.

One situation in which it pays to do both: following a job interview. Interviewers expect to hear from you within 24 hours, says Thomas, so send a brief thank-you e-mail right after the interview that also reaffirms your interest. Immediately follow up with a written note repeating your thanks and reminding the interviewer of the assets you can bring to the job.

Copyright 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors

Document KPCM000020170224ed3m00008


S2
MP backs fight for fair pensions

Leslie Jackson 
504 words
21 March 2017
Leek Post & Times
LEEK
E01
9
English
© 2017 Local World / Leek Post & Times 

A PETITION has been presented to the House of Commons calling on the Government to help women who have taken the burden of the rise in pension age.

Sir Bill Cash presented the petition, which had been signed by many residents of his constituency last week.

The petition asked the Government to make a fair transitional arrangements for all women born in the 1950s (on or after 6 April 1951) who have unfairly borne the burden of the increase to the State Pension Age.

The petition said: "That as a result of the way in which the 1995 Pension Act and the 2011 Pension Act were implemented, women born (on or after April 6, 1951, have unfairly borne the burden of the increases to the State Pension Age; further that hundreds of thousands of women have had significant changes imposed on them with little or no personal notice; further that implementation took place faster than promised; further that this gave no time to make alternative pension plans; and further that retirement plans have been shattered with devastating consequences. The Petitioners therefore request that the House of Commons urges the Government to make fair transitional arrangements for all women born in the 1950s (on or after April 6, 1951), who have unfairly borne the burden of the increase to the State pension Age."

Women from Leek and the Staffordshire Moorlands recently joined a national demonstration in London over the way the new pension age has been brought in by the Government.

Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI) is leading a campaign to contest the way the rise in pensionable age has been implemented, and is asking for transitional payments to be made to those women affected.

Changes to the female state pension age of 60 were first put forward in 1995 to bring women in line with men, starting in 2010.

This would gradually rise in stages to 65, the 'normal' male retirement age, by 2020.

Then in 2011 the Coalition Government decided to quicken the pace of the rise so that a woman's state pension age would be 65 by November 2018. Then there would be a further rise to 66 over the following two years. Last December members of Staffordshire Moorlands District Council voted to support calls urging the Government to reconsider changes to the state pension paid to women born after April 6, 1951.

One of the Moorlands campaigners, Valerie McGrath, who helps run the Staffordshire Moorlands branch, said: "We welcome the petition presented by Sir Bill Cash. We have also joined 7,000 women for the national demonstration in London.

"Members of the group have also attended the Annual General Meeting of Unison at Hartshill, where we were presented with a £200 donation for our fight.

"The group are also going to get some business cards printed and attend events in Leek as we still believe that some women do not realise that they will not get their pension at 60."

Document LEEK000020170321ed3l000jh




Ontario urging Ottawa to change tax rules in bid to curb real estate speculation

Alexandra Posadzki 
The Canadian Press 
504 words
21 March 2017
07:16 AM
The Canadian Press
CPR
English
(c) 2017 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 

TORONTO - Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa is urging Ottawa to address speculative investing in the country's housing markets by changing how such profits are taxed.

Currently, a capital gains tax is charged on 50 per cent of the profits on the sale of a home unless the property qualifies for a principal residence exemption.

In a letter to federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau dated Friday, Sousa says that boosting the taxable amount above 50 per cent could reduce the incentive for people to purchase homes on speculation.

Morneau is set to release his latest budget on Wednesday amid speculation that the Liberals may increase the capital gains tax.

Jack Mintz, a tax policy expert at the University of Calgary, says that doing so could harm innovation by discouraging people from making risky investments.

Mintz also noted that increasing the capital gains tax charged on homes may not have a big impact on speculative activity.

"Will it stop speculation? I'm not sure," says Mintz. "It may not entirely change it."

Speculative investing in the real estate market - buying a home in the hope of turning a profit rather than to live in - is believed to be one of the culprits behind soaring house prices in certain markets, particularly in Toronto, Vancouver and their surrounding areas.

A TD Bank report published Monday says that the combination of strong demand for homes and the lack of available supply have created the "perfect eco-climate" for speculators.

"The continued escalation in home prices may have generated a greater tendency towards flipping homes for a profit," the report by TD economists Beata Caranci, Diana Petramala and Katherine Judge says.

Sousa says curbing speculative real estate purchases could help address dwindling housing affordability so that first-time buyers are able to get into the market, while also generating tax revenue to put towards other housing affordability initiatives.

"My primary focus is to address the concerns of middle-class Canadians who are worried about buying their first home," Sousa says in his letter to Morneau.

"Additionally, it is important that the housing market remains stable, meaning that borrowers and lenders are resilient and able to withstand economic shocks."

Sousa has also floated the idea of implementing a tax on foreign buyers, similar to the one that the B.C. government introduced in Vancouver last summer, in a bid to cool the red-hot real estate market in Canada's largest city.

However, the Toronto Real Estate Board opposes the idea, saying it would do little to curb rising home prices.

When asked Monday if the foreign buyer tax was still on the table, Sousa emphasized that the government is considering a myriad of possible options to tackle housing affordability.

"We are looking at a number of opportunities, a number of options," Sousa said.

-With files from Andy Blatchford in Ottawa and Allison Jones in Toronto.

Follow @alexposadzki on Twitter.

Document CPR0000020170320ed3k00fth


Trump Reverses Obama-Era Protections on Student Debt

Aria Bendix 
504 words
17 March 2017
TheAtlantic.com
ATLCOM
English
© 2017. The Atlantic Monthly Group. All rights reserved. 

According to a Tuesday analysis from the Consumer Federation of America (CFA), millions of Americans have fallen behind on their student loans. The data, obtained from the U.S. Department of Education, reveals 42.4 million people in the U.S. owed $1.3 trillion in federal student loans by the end of 2016. Since 2013, the average amount owed per borrower increased by 17 percent.

Back in 2015, the Obama administration issued a memo that prevented debt collectors from charging high interest rates on overdue student loans. So long as the borrower entered the government's loan-rehabilitation program within 60 days of defaulting, agencies of the old, bank-based Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP) were forbidden from charging up to 16 percent of personal and accrued interest. Still, some lawmakers argue that debt collectors continue to impose these fees, despite the Obama regulations.

As part of an ongoing legal case, the U.S. District Court gave the Trump administration until March 16 to decide whether to uphold the Obama-era guidelines.

Senator Elizabeth Warren and Representative Suzanne Bonamici, both Democrats, penned a letter Monday asking Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos to uphold the previous memo. "We urge the [Department of Education] to stand by its previous guidance and give borrowers in default a chance to rehabilitate their loans and successfully repay their debt without being charged massive collection fees," the letter reads.

This request was short-lived. The Department of Education revoked the Obama guidelines on Thursday and instructed guarantee agencies (companies that issue government-backed student loans) to collect on defaulted debt.

As MarketWatchpoints out, a relatively small share of borrowers will be impacted by the new regulations. Starting in 2010, all new federal student loans were issued by the Department of Education, which doesn't charge collection fees to borrowers who quickly agree to make good on their defaults. As a result, students who have taken out federal loans in the last few years need not worry about an increase in fees.

But those who received loans from the FFELP-which discontinued new loans in 2010-have cause for concern. The Washington Postreports that nearly half of America's outstanding debt in default comes from this bank-based federal lending program, while Tuesday's CFA analysis finds that 16 million Americans are liable for bank-based federal student loans.

Rohit Chopra, a senior fellow at CFA, told The Post the new policy "will do nothing to stop the tidal wave of defaults that is sweeping across the nation." In fact, he fears that the roll back of the Obama memo "just adds insult to injury."

One of the main criticisms from the Trump administration, as stated Thursday in a "dear colleague" letter, was that the Obama memo lacked public input. Only time will tell what the public has to say about the new administration guidelines.Read Trump Reverses Obama-Era Protections on Student Debt  on theatlantic.com

Document ATLCOM0020170318ed3h00003




Financial Post
Oilpatch losses to top $1B in 2017: study; 'Survival Mode'

Jesse Snyder 
Financial Post
504 words
14 March 2017
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
FP1 / Front
English
© 2017 National Post . All Rights Reserved. 

The Canadian oilpatch is expected to collectively bleed more than $1 billion from its balance sheets in 2017, a sign that oil producers continue to struggle despite optimism that crude prices will gradually rise through the year.

A report released Monday by the Conference Board of Canada expects oil companies to remain, in total, in the red until the fourth quarter of 2017. Total losses are expected to reach $1.1 billion for the year.

Losses reached their peak in the first quarter of 2016 when prices had plummeted, leading to a collective loss of $11 billion.

The Conference Board report forecasts a gradual return to past profitability, with companies raking in a total of $13 billion in profits by 2021. That figure is roughly equal to 2010 levels.

"In summary, as Canada's crude extraction industry will remain in survival mode from a financial perspective in the near term, investment levels will remain relatively low," the report said.

Capital investment in the sector is also expected to remain low, after reaching $27 billion in 2016 - down 43 per cent from the 2014 peak of $62 billion.

The report serves as a reminder that oil companies remain in a defensive financial position despite substantially lowering their operating and capital costs in recent years.

It said "investment levels are not anticipated to reach previously observed peaks any time soon" as capital flows toward nimbler oil plays with faster return cycles.

"Following three consecutive years of oversupply, global crude oil markets are finally moving back into balance. Global demand is expected to increase in coming years, suggesting that prices will continue the upward trajectory that began late last summer," said Carlos Murillo, economist at the board. "Despite recent positive developments, however, we do not expect the industry's bottom line to return to positive territory until the fourth quarter of this year given that it started from such a weak position."

Oil prices have risen from their 2016 lows and have continued to hover around the US$50 level. However, rapidly growing output from U.S. shale basins threatens to keep prices depressed, analysts say, and last week higher-than-expected storage levels of American crude sent prices on their longest tumble since late 2016.

U.S. crude settled down 0.2 per cent at US$48.40 a barrel.

Like other forecasts, the Conference Board's report expects oilsands output to grow as expansion projects come online. Investment in the oilsands is expected to grow by 11 per cent, partly due to increased maintenance and repair costs. Conventional crude producers are expected to see investments increase at a rate of two per cent annually.

Global demand for oil, meanwhile, is expected to grow. The report estimates demand will increase by two per cent per year over the next few years, higher than the 1.3-per-cent growth estimates from the International Energy Agency forecast.

jsnyder@postmedia.com

Document FINP000020170314ed3e00016


Last-minute IRA tips before filing taxes: Retirement Scan

Editorial Staff 
504 words
10 March 2017
Employee Benefit Adviser
EBNADV
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2017 Employee Benefit Adviser and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

Last-minute IRA contributions before filing your taxes

IRA investors have until the end of the tax season to make last-minute contributions and claim the tax deductions on their 2016 return, according to this Yahoo Finance article. Clients should max out the contributions to reduce their taxable income, says one adviser.

"If you have a non-working spouse, you can also make a contribution on their behalf which can double the amount of contributions for your family," the adviser told Yahoo. "Spousal contributions can be made as long as you file a joint tax return and have income greater than both IRA contributions."

Retirees, maximize your income from dividends

Despite stock market swings, dividend growth remains a good source of income, even for retirement investors, according to this article on Kiplinger. The challenge is to find the right dividend stocks or funds. Those that offer steady dividend growth are particularly good candidates, the Kiplinger's article suggested. Clients should then hone in on the stocks with low expense ratios to maximize their dividend income.

Avoid these mistakes with discretionary income in retirement

Contrary to what some experts say, investing assets earmarked for discretionary expenses in risky investments such as stocks may not be a smart move, according to this article on MarketWatch. That is because those discretionary expenses could turn out to be a necessity after your clients retire. Advisers recommend that clients take a conservative approach, such as putting funds in a low expense, no-load mutual fund that holds short-term government bonds.

The right way to get the retirement income you need

Buying an immediate annuity can be a good strategy to secure guaranteed income in retirement, but it also means that clients have to give up access to their money for good, according to CNNMoney.

To decide whether an immediate annuity suits their retirement needs, clients should estimate their expenses in retirement and account for Social Security benefits, plus income from other sources. Getting an annuity is recommended if their retirement income is not enough to cover these expenses, as its guaranteed income will enable them to feel more secure about their golden years.

Q&A: Same-sex union, foreign residency don't preclude getting Social Security

A 65-year-old American retiree who enters into a same-sex union in a country that recognizes gay marriage can have his or her significant other apply for Social Security spousal benefits once they meet the one-year requirement, according to this article on USA Today. The spouse qualifies for the benefits even if they are a foreigner who has never worked in the U.S. "As a spouse, (your) partner will be eligible for a benefit equal to 50% of (your) gross monthly amount. If (you) were to pass away, then the payment amount would jump up to 100% of what (you were) collecting," an expert says.

Document EBNADV0020170310ed3a00001




News
TRAGEDY OF THE MCQUIRES How Tunisia massacre Cumbernauld victims James and Ann McQuire's holiday of a lifetime turned into tragedy

BY ROBERT COLLINS 
504 words
28 February 2017
10:12 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2017 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

JIM and Ann McQuire from Cumbernauld had headed to Tunisia to celebrate their retirement - instead they lost their lives at the hands of a smirking terrorist.

The pair had treated themselves to the holiday of a lifetime which they'd booked just a fortnight before leaving North Lanarkshire for the five-star Rui Imperial Marhaba Hotel.

figcaptionJames McQuire and his wife Ann were shot near a hotel swimming pool

But the trip in June 2015 turned to horror as Ann, 63, died in a hail of hate filled bullets when gunman Seifeddine Rezgui opened fire near a swimming pool.

Former marine engineer James, her husband of 43 years, lay wounded beside her before dying in the back of an ambulance far from their home.

Now a coroner has slammed the police response to the massacre as "at best shambolic, at worst cowardly".

The holiday was supposed to be the first off many for the pair as they looked forward to their retirement years.

figcaptionTunisian hotel gunman Seifeddine Rezgui

figcreditPA:Press Association

Mr McQuire had spent most of his working life at the Yarrow shipyard and had most recently been a consultant on the Queen Elizabeth Class aircraft carrier project.

He was a regular churchgoer and captain of the Boys' Brigade, whose help extended to providing job character references for boys going on to get work as adults.

Mrs McQuire was a lab technician turned medical receptionist whose kindness extended to delivering prescriptions to people who could not pick them up.

figcaptionMr McQuire was a shipyard engineer, a regular church-goer and captain of the Boys' Brigade.

She had stood out as an excellent singer at church, her son said, and quietly supported her husband's work with The Boys' Brigade.

Stuart McQuire wrote that since the attack his wife Nicola had given birth to his parents' first grandchild, a girl who had been named Lily Ann in memory of her grandmother.

He told the hearing in a statement: "This was meant to be the first of many holidays, sadly this was not to be.

"They were taken from us before their time."

figcaptionMembers of the Boys' Brigade form a guard of honour at the McQuires' funeral

figcreditPA:Press Association

More than 400 people attended their funeral at Abronhill Parish Church, where they had been active members of the congregation, in July 2015.

figcaptionVideo of route Tunisia gunman took as he shot dead 38 people played at inquest

Mr and Mrs McQuire were one of two Scots couples who lost their lives that day.

Billy and Lisa Graham from Bankfoot near Perth had gone to the Tunisian sunshine to celebrate a milestone wedding anniversary and an important birthday.We pay for your stories and videos! Do you have a story or video for The Scottish Sun Online? Email us at scottishsundigital@news.co.uk or call 0141 420 5266

Document THESCOT020170228ed2s003h4




Business
The piper must be paid Student debt no t so easily forgiven

Ed Zwirn 
504 words
26 February 2017
New York Post
NYPO
All Editions
56
English
(c) 2017 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Owing to a serious misconception, almost half of college students recently polled believe they won't be saddled with student loans soon after graduation.

According to a survey of 500 current college students conducted by LendEDU, a private firm that connects students and their families with student loans and loan refinancing, 49.8 percent believe they would be able to receive federal forgiveness on their student loans after graduation.

This belief is hardly justified, given the limited circumstances in which these loans can actually be forgiven.

The US Department of Education says that federal direct student loan borrowers can get off the hook if they enter public service jobs for a specified period of time, agree to teach in an underserved area, die or become permanently disabled, or if the school they attended shuts down while they are enrolled or within 120 days after they leave.

"The biggest exemption is the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program, and very few students go into public service," said Nate Matherson, who co-founded LendEDU in 2014.

"With maybe 14 percent of the American workforce in a public service job, the actual numbers of those who may qualify for student loan forgiveness or discharge is maybe below 10 percent.

"The fact that many students do not understand this means that they may be significantly underestimating the cost of financing a college education," he added.

Many students polled said they would rely on financial aid to make up the difference in reduced debt load. So while 90 percent knew of FASFA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid), 84 percent did not know the correct filing deadline for the application.

Mark Stephens is financial aid director at Pace University, where the "sticker price" annual tuition is $42,354 for the 2017-18 academic year, a figure that he says is on the average "about 50 percent discounted" through a combination of gift scholarships, other freebies like Pell Grants, and loans.

Given the high degree of dependence today's students have on this aid, he said he and other financial aid professionals are aware of the need to make sure students and their families understand how the process works.

He said Pace conducts 25 or 30 financial aid workshops in high schools each year as well as online tutorials.

"It's not very realistic at all to expect loan forgiveness," he said. "We try to tell students to understand your loan and manage your spending."

"Generally students are pretty well aware about financial aid by the time they come," says MJ Knoll-Finn, vice president for enrollment management at NYU, where 2017-2018 tuition and fees before financial aid come to $49,062. "There's a lot of information out there for students."

"We consider college an investment," Knoll-Finn said. "We want them to go into this with their eyes open. We always say 'take out only those loans you think you can pay back.' "

Document NYPO000020170227ed2q0005p




Markets
Dollar Falls After Fed Minutes; Higher interest rates typically support the dollar by making U.S. assets more attractive to yield-seeking investors

By Chelsey Dulaney 
504 words
23 February 2017
08:30 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

The dollar dropped Wednesday after minutes from the Federal Reserve's latest meeting disappointed some investors.

The WSJ Dollar Index, measuring the U.S. currency against 16 others, fell 0.3% to 91.02. The index had been up as much as 0.1% earlier in the day.

Minutes from the Jan.31-Feb.1 meeting showed officials believed it might be appropriate to lift U.S. interest-rates "fairly soon." Several policy makers also raised the possibility of moving more aggressively than expected should inflation surge and the unemployment rate fall too much.

But the minutes didn't offer a clear sign about when the Fed will next raise rates, disappointing some investors.

"What would have helped the dollar was a strong indication of a March rate-increase, and they're not conveying that," said Vassili Serebriakov, a currency strategist at Crédit Agricole.

Mr. Serebriakov said the minutes also didn't offer much new information on the Fed's plans for shrinking its $4.5 trillion portfolio, a move that analysts say could lead to a stronger dollar.

Fed officials also raised concerns during the meeting about how the strong dollar could weigh on inflation and the uncertainty surrounding President Donald Trump's fiscal stimulus proposals.

Federal-funds futures, used by investors to bet on the Fed's interest-rate policy, showed a 18% chance that the Fed will raise rates at its next meeting in March, according to data from CME Group. Investors assign a 50% chance that the Fed raises rates by May.

Higher rates typically support the dollar by making U.S. assets more attractive to yield-seeking investors.

Since the meeting, several Fed officials have sounded optimistic that interest-rates will rise this year, citing the strength of the labor market and firming inflation.

Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker said Tuesday, "I would not take March off the table." Dallas Fed chief Robert Kaplan said earlier this month that the central bank should move "sooner rather than later."

In other currencies, the euro recovered 0.3% against the dollar to $1.0564. The European currency has fallen as investors remain cautious about the upcoming French elections. Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, who has threatened to pull France out of the eurozone, has been gaining ground in recent polls.

"That news should be shocking markets more than it is," said Brad Bechtel, a currency strategist at Jefferies Group. "If we get any sign of hawkishness today from the Fed minutes then we should see [the euro] gun for parity again."

The dollar was down 0.4% against the Mexican peso, continuing its slide in the wake of the Bank of Mexico's announcement Tuesday that it will take new measures to stem volatility in the peso.

David Harrison contributed to this article.

Write to Chelsey Dulaney at Chelsey.Dulaney@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020170222ed2m005pl




REVEALED: The Lords expected to warp Brexit Bill who STILL earn THOUSANDS from EU

By Charlie Bayliss 
504 words
19 February 2017
12:37 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2017 

REMOANER Labour peers Neil Kinnock and Peter Mandelson are among 20 Lords looking to force through changes to the Brexit Bill while still earning tens of thousands of pounds from European Union.

Failed Prime Ministerial candidate Lord Kinnock, former communications director Lord Mandelson and Lord Patten, who served in Margaret Thatcher's cabinet, still rake in huge sums from their EU pensions.

Around 20 former MEPs and eurocrats still receive an estimated £10million from the Brussels bloc, according to pressure group Change Britain.

GETTY

Lord Mandelson and Lord Kinnock are among 20 peers still on the EU's bankroll Related articles Paul Nuttall receives backing of Ukip MEPs after 'Labour's smears' Brexit: Unelected peers plotting to WATER DOWN Article 50 bill

Members of the Upper Chamber are facing pressure to reveal their "financial interests" before speaking on Brexit legislation this week or face the "outrage" from the public.

Former justice minister Dominic Raab said: "Lords with generous EU pension pots should be open with the British people and declare this when they speak in Parliament on Brexit.

"It's time the Lords came clean about their EU money and recognise the decision of the people by backing the Article 50 Bill unamended."

Former Brussels bigwigs enjoy tens of thousands of pounds even after leaving their posts - yet they are under no strict obligation to reveal their EU payments to the Lords.

Former vice president of the European Commission Lord Kinnock - who labelled Brexit "appalling" - receives around £90,000-a-year, while Lord Mandelson is given around £35,000-a-year, the Telegraph has claimed.

Ex-EU Commissioners who served before May 1 2004 are entitled to a pension worth 4.5 per cent of the salary they earned during their last year working for the sprawling European superstate.

Change Britain, founded by Michael Gove, has started a campaign which to make Britons email peers receiving EU pensions disclose the money received from Europe.

GETTY

The Brexit Bill is expected to go before the Lords this week

The post reads: "I understand that you may have income or a pension from the European Union due to your work there in the past on behalf of the UK," the note reads.

"Will you therefore also commit to declare any financial interest before you speak in the debates on the passage of the Article 50 legislation through the House of Lords?"

Europhiles labelled the concerns as "cheap, petty politics" and said former MEPs and Commissioners are free to speak their mind.

More than 190 Lords are due to speak - with Theresa May braced for changes to the original Brexit Bill as the Tories do not have a majority in the Upper Chamber.

Related articles Marine Le Pen vows to 'rebuild' France's 'damaged relations' with UK UKIP Brexit spokesman Gerard Batten hints he WILL stand to become M... Sturgeon 'told by Brussels bigwigs Scotland CANNOT stay in the EU'

Document EXCO000020170219ed2j002bd




Markets
France's Bonds Take a Beating; Investors move money into German debt, pushing the yield on its 10-year government bond as low as 0.3%

By Mike Bird 
504 words
18 February 2017
12:41 PM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Government bonds in France and southern Europe tumbled again Friday, with fresh data showing that foreign investors continue to dump French debt ahead of the country's presidential election.

The spread between French and German 10-year government-bond yields widened to 0.74 percentage point on Friday from 0.66 percentage point Thursday. French bonds are now trading in the same direction as those of the southern European countries, whose debt was hit hardest by the euro sovereign-debt crisis.

Bonds slid in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece on Thursday and Friday. Investors moved money into German debt, with the yield on its 10-year government bond falling as low as 0.3% during Friday's trading, down from 0.35% at Thursday's close.

During the sovereign-debt crisis in 2010 to 2012, investors were concerned that some countries could leave the eurozone, questioning the single currency's existence.

Concerns for the currency bloc are increasing once again as betting odds rise for an election victory for Marine Le Pen, leader of the far-right National Front who has promised to take France out of the eurozone. Betfair now gives Mrs. Le Pen a 28.6% chance of becoming the president of France, up from 20.3% at the beginning of February.

While former economy minister Emanuel Macron remains the favorite in the presidential race, foreign investors aren't taking the risk even as local-fund investors remain more sanguine.

Foreign-based investors sold ?30 billion ($32 billion) in French bonds during the last three months of 2016, the most in two years, according to European Central Bank data released Friday.

Survey data suggest that international money managers who are invested in other French markets are also getting nervous. Bank of America Merrill Lynch's regular survey of fund managers showed global investors' sentiment toward French stocks was at its lowest level in two years. That shift comes even as investors generally warm toward eurozone equities.

"The two-round French [election] system means anti-Le Pen voters can rally around a single alternative in the final round and, therefore, she needs more than a lead in the polls, she needs a majority, to win the presidency," said Tomas Hirst, analyst at CreditSights. The election rounds are in March and May.

But "markets are understandably wary of being caught out as they were with the Brexit and Trump votes last year," he added.

Investors are also currently grappling with a more familiar problem for the eurozone, as Greek bonds sank Friday. Athens is again embroiled in a tussle with international creditors over the terms of its bailout. Yields on 10-year Greek bonds rose as high as 8.1% Friday from a close of 7.9% Thursday. Yields rise as bond prices fall.

Write to Mike Bird at Mike.Bird@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020170218ed2i0002t




Legislation Introduced to Expand Social Security; Sen. Sanders, Bernard (I - VT) News Release

504 words
16 February 2017
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2017 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

WASHINGTON, Feb. 16 - Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) introduced legislation Thursday to expand Social Security benefits and strengthen the retirement program for generations to come. Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Ore.) introduced a companion bill in the House.

"It is time to expand Social Security, not cut it," Sanders told Social Security Works, The Alliance for Retired Americans and other organizations at a meeting on Capitol Hill.

The legislation would ensure that Social Security could pay every benefit owed to every eligible American for the next 61 years, according to a new analysis Thursday by the retirement system's chief actuary.

"Anyone who tells you Social Security is going broke is lying," Sanders said. "We can increase Social Security benefits for millions of Americans and extend the life of Social Security if we have the political will to tell the wealthiest Americans to pay the same rate as everyone else."

The bills would increase benefits by about $1,300 a year for seniors now making less than $16,000 annually. "At a time when more than half of older Americans over the age of 55 have no retirement savings, our job is to expand Social Security to make sure that every American can retire with the dignity and the respect that they have earned and deserve," Sanders said.

The legislation also would make the wealthiest Americans - those with incomes of more than $250,000 a year - pay the same rate into the retirement system as everyone else already pays. Current law now caps the amount of income subject to payroll taxes $127,200. Under the proposal, only the top 1.6 percent of wage earners would pay more under the proposal, according to the Center for Economic Policy Research.

Strengthening and expanding Social Security enjoys widespread support: 72 percent of Americans, including 51 percent of Republicans, "support increasing - not cutting - Social Security benefits by asking millionaires and billionaires to pay more into the system," according to an October 2016 survey by Public Policy Polling,

"This is not a radical idea. In fact, it is supported by the overwhelming majority of Americans, Democrats and Republicans alike," Sanders said.

The measure also would increase cost-of-living adjustments by more accurately measuring the spending patterns of seniors. Under current law, the consumer price index used to calculate annual benefit adjustments does not accurately reflect how inflation in health care costs and prescription drug prices impact seniors. Despite the skyrocketing cost of prescription drugs, seniors and disabled veterans received no cost-of-living-adjustment for three out of the last six years. Under the legislation, a typical Social Security recipient would see a $43 per month increase at age 80 and a $73 a month increase at age 90.

To read Sanders' bill, go to: http://www.sanders.senate.gov/download/social-security-act?inline=file.

Read this original document at: https://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/legislation-introduced-to-expand-social-security

Document CONGDP0020170217ed2g000ax




News
Pensioner, 71, could be forced to sell his home after being ordered to repay the £37,000 he claimed in benefits while secretly working on a £35-a-week paper round

MARK DUELL FOR MAILONLINE 
504 words
15 February 2017
10:41 PM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2017 

* Roy Taylor received benefits for years on basis he was medically unfit to work

* But he was videoed doing an early morning paper round by DWP after a tip-off

* He was convicted of dishonestly claiming pension credits and disability benefits

* He will have to sell off half-share in house in Weston-super-Mare to pay off debt

A pensioner faces having to sell his home after he claimed more than £37,000 in benefits while secretly working - on a £35-a-week paper round.

Roy Taylor, 71, of Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, had received benefits for years on the basis that he was medically unfit to work.

But he was videoed doing an early morning paper round by Department for Work and Pensions investigators, following a tip-off.

He was convicted of dishonestly claiming pension credits and disability benefits and was hit with a confiscation order to hand back the money.

Taylor told London's Appeal Court he will have to sell off his half-share in a house in Weston-super-Mare to pay off the debt.

The court heard he had been earning £35 a week delivering papers, despite being a long-term benefit claimant.

Taylor was caught on film after surveillance was taken over 11 separate days between April and May 2012.

He pleaded guilty to making a dishonest representation to obtain benefits and failing to notify a change of circumstances at Bristol Crown Court.

Taylor was handed a seven-month suspended sentence in May 2013.

Later the same year, however, he was hit with a £37,201.79 confiscation order, to claw back the money he was overpaid.

Lord Justice Hamblen, at the Criminal Appeal Court, heard his bid to get that order overturned.

The court heard Taylor will have to sell the house he jointly owns with his wife in Weston-super-Mare in order to pay off his debt.

Taylor had claimed his mother-in-law put up the bulk of the money to buy the house - and denied owning half of it.

But the judge, sitting with Mr Justice William Davis and Sir David Maddison, dismissed his appeal.

Lord Justice Hamblen said that Land Registry records showed Taylor and his wife were joint owners of the property, and made no mention of the mother-in-law having any interest.

An application for permission to appeal against his convictions was also refused.

A DWP spokesman said: 'Only a small minority of people try to cheat the benefits system, but cases like this show how we are rooting out those who are stealing taxpayers' money and diverting it away from the people who really need it.

'People convicted of fraud shouldn't be able to benefit from their crimes, so we will always try to get back the money they stole.'

Document DAMONL0020170215ed2f005hf


New Zealanders at risk of sexually transmitted debt

Porter Novelli
504 words
13 February 2017
08:50 AM
Fuseworks Media
FUSMED
English
Copyright 2017. Fuseworks Limited. 

Love might be in the air, but research from credit score company CreditSimple.co.nz shows it doesn't necessarily translate to the bank account. A recent survey shows almost 28 per cent of New Zealanders have been burnt financially by a partner, sparking warnings this Valentine's Day to tread carefully when it comes to dating, finances and maintaining credit health. Women bear the brunt of this, making up nearly 64 per cent of those adversely affected.

The most common examples include New Zealanders who racked up secret credit card debt behind their partner's back, partners who refused to pay their share of debt after a relationship ended, partners who said they were paying bills but weren't, and even those who forged their partner's signature on loan documents. For many, the financial woes are discovered too late, leaving their credit scores in tatters and making it almost impossible to get a loan or mortgage until they've built their credit score up again.

Credit Simple New Zealand boss Hazel Phillips says it's important New Zealanders keep an eye on their credit scores and work quickly to repair any damage.

"Many people don't bother checking their credit health until they need to apply for a loan or credit card, then it comes as a shock when there's a default on their file and the loan is denied," Ms Phillips said.

"The number of Kiwis uncovering secret debt or finding out joint bills in their name haven't been paid is surprisingly high. Knowing your credit score, and checking it regularly, is the best way to know if you've contracted sexually transmitted debt, and work to repair it."

Research also suggests honesty isn't always the best policy when it comes to love and finances either. Almost 18 per cent of New Zealanders admit to having money or debt their partner isn't aware of. Of these people, women lie the most often about finances at nearly 64 per cent compared with men at 36 per cent. The majority of people keeping finances secret from their partner were hiding private bank accounts or cash reserves (67.3 per cent), while almost 18 per cent had secret debt.

However, those funds and debt might not be as well-hidden as Kiwis think. Nearly 12 per cent of people suspect their partner of hiding finances from them. Sixty-five per cent think this is a hidden bank account or savings, and nearly 10 per cent think their partner has hidden debt.

Perhaps unsurprisingly, people who have secret accounts are more likely to argue about finances with their partner. More than 44 per cent of people with hidden finances admit to arguing about money, yet of those with no hidden finances just under 30 per cent argue about money.

Kiwis can check if their credit health is in shape by getting their credit score for free at www.creditsimple.co.nz.

Document FUSMED0020170212ed2c0028l


Ecology Research - Ecology and Society; Findings from University of Leeds Yields New Findings on Ecology and Society (Flow and rent-based opportunity costs of water ecosystem service provision in a complex farming system)

504 words
10 February 2017
Ecology, Environment & Conservation
ECECON
250
English
© Copyright 2017 Ecology, Environment & Conservation via VerticalNews.com 

2017 FEB 17 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Ecology, Environment & Conservation -- Current study results on Ecology Research - Ecology and Society have been published. According to news originating from Leeds, United Kingdom, by VerticalNews correspondents, research stated, "Unsustainable land uses present many challenges for securing ecosystem service provision. It is also difficult to estimate the cost of a transition to more sustainable land-management practices for individual landholders."

Our news journalists obtained a quote from the research from the University of Leeds, "The main cost to landholders is the opportunity costs, the income foregone when changing land use for continued or enhanced ecosystem service provision. Thus accurate estimation of opportunity costs and understanding their distribution are crucial starting points for determining the economic viability and design of any payment for ecosystem services (PES) scheme. We compare two opportunity cost approaches and examine the distribution of these costs for improving drinking water quality in a complex farming system in a Honduran forest catchment. Data for both approaches was collected through a survey applied to upstream catchment landholders. Our results indicate that the direct flow approach and the proxy rent approach provide comparable and consistent opportunity cost estimates. The mean net flow return ha(-1) was US$1410, but this estimate was skewed, mainly by exceptionally high coffee returns and negative returns of land uses making a loss. This estimate would imply spending over US$ 2 million per annum for water conservation, but a revised estimate comes to US$ 257,057 per annum. Opportunity costs were found to vary according to differences in land use and landholder characteristics. High value cash crops upholding the local economy, such as coffee, entail much higher opportunity costs than for example cattle grazing. These results suggest that discriminate PES payments, that vary according to opportunity costs and thus discriminate between land uses and landholders, are essential."

According to the news editors, the research concluded: "Water quality at our case study site could be managed sustainably by a scheme focusing on high-impact land uses with lower opportunity costs and closer to water sources."

For more information on this research see: Flow and rent-based opportunity costs of water ecosystem service provision in a complex farming system. Ecology and Society, 2016;21(4):343-356. Ecology and Society can be contacted at: Resilience Alliance, Acadia Univ, Biology Dept, Wolfville, Ns B0P 1X0, Canada.

The news correspondents report that additional information may be obtained from O.R. Rendon, University of Leeds, Sch Earth & Environm, Sustainabil Res Inst, Leeds, W Yorkshire, United Kingdom. Additional authors for this research include M. Dallimer and J. Paavola.

Keywords for this news article include: Leeds, United Kingdom, Europe, Ecology and Society, Ecology Research, University of Leeds.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2017, NewsRx LLC

Document ECECON0020170210ed2a0002h




Regional
Ongaonga residents face huge water costs

By Nicki Harpernicki.harper@hbtoday.co.nz 
504 words
6 February 2017
Hawke's Bay Today
APNHBT
A006
English
Copyright 2017 APN New Zealand Ltd - Regionals. All Rights Reserved 

Some Ongaonga residents struggling with water shortages in their bores and wells again this year are having to bite the bullet and spend thousands of dollars on new pumps to reach the lower water table.

Ian Franklin has lived in the village for three years, and had a 33m deep bore, a standard depth for most of the bores in the area operating with surface pumps, as when they were built this was sufficient to reach water.

He said he started having problems with his existing pump about two years ago, but on January 10 this year it stopped working completely.

After spending $1500 on investigations to see whether a submersible pump could be put in, it was discovered this would not work in his situation, so he forked out nearly $8000 for a jet pump, which works by pushing the water down one pipe, then forcing water up another pipe to which is pumped to the house.

Another resident, Shona Pye, a single mother who has lived in Ongaonga for 13 years, also had to find $4500 this year to pay for a submersible pump to be put in - this on top of $12,000 she spent on a bore to replace the existing well about eight years ago.

"About 10 days ago that bore stopped working so in the last week I had to find the finance to get the submersible pump and it's not finished yet.

"I was told once I had the bore in I would have no further problems - finding this kind of money is not easy."

Both she and Mr Franklin found the situation hard to swallow when they saw irrigators in the area operating day and night.

"I would like to see the irrigators limited as well and financial support given to residents having to buy extra equipment to cope," she said.

Mr Franklin said the situation was unacceptable considering how much irrigation was happening.

"The experts have to come in and advise in light of the changing land use and changing weather patterns.

"We have to be planning for the future - there needs to be a national discussion so the right decisions start being made - we have to get our acts together."

He said he made the decision to install his pump, as well as a 10,000 litre holding tank at the back of his property, for future owners of his house.

Long-time resident Bill Stevenson, who had a new pump installed this year, after being hit with water shortages in previous summers, said the problems began in Ongaonga in 2004 when the irrigators started operating. "Where did the money go that was paid for those resource consents? Why can't that money come back to the community to subsidise people who are having to buy water or put in new pumps?"

Meanwhile, Hawke's Bay Regional Council chairman Rex Graham could not be contacted for comment yesterday.

Document APNHBT0020170205ed2600010


Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc. Make a Plan to Get Financially Fit

504 words
3 February 2017
Obesity, Fitness & Wellness Week
OBWK
1220
English
© Copyright 2017 Obesity, Fitness & Wellness Week via NewsRx.com 

2017 FEB 11 (NewsRx) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Obesity, Fitness & Wellness Week -- Year after year, getting healthy is a top New Year's resolution for Americans, while saving more and spending less typically ranks lower on the list of priorities. Although many people will purchase gym memberships they may never use, taking steps to improve financial wellness is a resolution worth pursuing, and sticking to.

In the latest contribution to HYPERLINK "http://www.letsmakeaplan.org/" \nLetsMakeaPlan.org, CFP Board Ambassadors - CFP(R) professionals who help to support CFP Board's consumer advocacy and mission to benefit the public - offer the following tips to help you become and stay financially fit.

Create a budget: Creating a budget is a simple way to determine how best to spend your money. Start by reconciling last year's expenditures and creating a list of necessary payments. Giving yourself a "cheap month," such as spending $100 a week, can help define your needs. In addition, working with your spouse or partner can help identify a realistic budget and prevent overspending.

Put yourself first: Spending too much on adult children, parents and other family members can jeopardize your long-term financial situation. Having children live within a budget will force more careful spending while teaching a valuable lesson. For adult dependents, spend carefully; you can't take care of others if you haven't taken care of yourself.

Maximize benefits: Take full advantage of your existing benefits package, such as your 401(k) or retirement plan. For a 401(k), make sure to maximize your investment by matching your employer's contribution. If you operate within individual funds, rebalance your 401(k) account periodically. Establishing a dollar cost averaging arrangement - investing set amounts at regular intervals regardless of the financial climate - for a new account, such as a Roth IRA or 529 plans, can also increase your savings.

Know yourself: Many people have chronic issues of overspending or mismanaging debt. Developing smart habits can improve your finances. If you fail to prudently spend with credit cards, cut them up. If you struggle to meet basic payments, round up to the nearest whole number on larger expenses. For example, if your car payment is $375, plan on spending $400 per month.

Big or small, everyone can take steps to improve their financial well-being. This year - while you're working on your physical fitness - get you finances in shape by scheduling a meeting with a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER(TM) professional who can help you take action to improve your financial situation.

For more tips from CFP Board Ambassadors for a financially fit 2017, click HYPERLINK "http://www.cfp.net/docs/default-source/for-cfp-pros---public-awareness-campaign-toolkit/financial-wellness-fact-sheet-1-18-2017-final.pdf" \nhere.

Keywords for this news article include: Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2017, NewsRx LLC

Document OBWK000020170203ed23000g3




News
Bedarra Island Resort is simply Australia's best

TOURISM Elisabeth Champion 
504 words
1 February 2017
Innisfail Advocate
INNADV
Innisfail
5
English
© 2017 News Limited. All rights reserved 

Bedarra Island Resort just south of Mission Beach is officially the best small hotel in Australia - winning travel website TripAdvisor's 2017 Travellers' Choice Awards.

Results are based on millions of reviews from TripAdvisor users worldwide, and the awards have been given out for the past 14 years, considering more than 7000 properties in 97 countries.

Hotels are judged based on service, quality and value.

Owners of the resort, six kilometres south of Dunk Island, Sam and Kerri-Ann Charleton took charge in 2011, after Cyclone Yasi had destroyed the property.

"We brought the hotel back to life," Mr Charleton said.

"It was challenging but it was a lot of fun." The couple had previously owned hotels in southeast Queensland. Mr Charleton said the win was especially great, considering the competition they were up against.

"A small hotel is anything up to 50 rooms - we only have nine villas, so to compete with hotels that can accommodate a lot more guests is fantastic," he said.

"We are really proud of ourselves and our staff - we were really excited when we heard.

"We only have a small team and everyone works hard, so to get this result was really positive." He said the secret to their success was excellent customer service and beautiful sea views.

"We get a lot of repeat customers, we are even busier next year," Mr Charleton said.

"The competition is voted by guests on the ratings provided on TripAdvisor. "It's such a beautiful part of the world, we can't get over how beautiful a spot it is here.

"We have a lot of locals that stay, and they always tell us that they didn't realise how beautiful it is." Mr Charleton said the hotel wouldn't get a prize, but that didn't matter. "They might send a plaque, but the important thing is that it's a pat on the back for what we have done." Saffire Freycinet at Coles Bay, in Tasmania, was the runner-up and Spicers Vineyards Estate at Pokolbin, in New South Wales' Hunter Valley, came in third.

Bedarra Island Resort was also voted number two best hotel for romance in Australia.

Cardwell Beach Motel was voted number six bargain hotel in Australia. Cairns Coconut Holiday Resort made three top 25 lists.

SNAPSHOT TripAdvisor 2017 Travellers' Choice Awards Bedarra Island Resort was voted number one small hotel in Australia and number two best romance hotel.

Daintree EcoLodge & Spa was voted number 17 small hotel in Australia. Cardwell Beach Motel was voted number six bargain hotel in Australia. Cairns Coconut Holiday Resort was voted number two best hotel for families in Australia; number eight top hotel; number 13 top luxury hotel; number 25 best service.

Jack & Newell Cairns Holiday Apartments was voted number 18 best hotel for families in Australia.

To comment on this story:

news@innisfailadvocate.com.au

facebook.com/innadvocate

twitter.com/innadvocate

TXT the editor: 0416 905 536

Document INNADV0020170201ed210000q




Administration announces thirty-eight layoffs, reinstitution of student loans

504 words
31 January 2017
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2017, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Dartmouth College ; Hanover, NH - news

By

Thirty-eight current employees and full student grants for families with incomes over $75,000 will be the first specific casualties in the College's efforts to mitigate its $100-million budget shortfall, the College Office of Public Affairs announced in a press release Monday afternoon. The budget plan, which College President Jim Yong Kim submitted to the Board of Trustees over the weekend, also finds $25 million in savings in "administrative reorganization and restructuring," the largest single segment of the proposed cutbacks.

Administrators will go forward with 38 layoffs beginning Tuesday, to be followed by a second round of layoffs that will reduce the workforce by a "comparable number" by the end of April, when the "most intensive phase of the budget-reduction process" draws to a close, according to the release. Thirty-three employees will be asked to work reduced hours, the release stated. While faculty will not be affected by the layoffs, jobs will be eliminated at "all levels" of employment and will affect both union and non-union employees.

The new budget will also require students with family incomes over $75,000 to take on loans of $2,500 to $5,500 each academic year, beginning with members of the Class of 2015, according to the release. Financial aid packages for current students will not be affected by the change in policy. Tuition, room and board and other fees will also be increased 4.6 percent, to $52,275 per year.

Benefits packages for College employees are also under review, although specific details of changes in benefits will not be announced until April, according to the release. Administrators expect to find $13 million in savings from projected changes to benefits and salaries.

In an e-mail message to the Dartmouth community, Kim announced that he will, along with acting Provost and Dean of the Faculty Carol Folt and Senior Vice President Steven Kadish, donate 10 percent of his salary, to be split between the Dartmouth College Fund and a separate hardship fund.

The budget also calls for the sale of College properties that are "not core to the College's mission or strategic plan" as a way to raise revenue, according to the e-mail.

No athletic teams will be eliminated as part of the budget reduction measures, Kim, Kadish and Folt said in a press conference held Monday. The College will seek increased support from alumni as a way of funding athletic teams, they said.

College administrators will also work to consolidate and streamline administrative departments as a way to provide cost savings, the group said. The College administration has been as efficient as administrative structures at other academic institutions, they said, but the administration could be made more efficient by looking to businesses for leaner operational models.

This is a breaking news web update; this article will be updated as more information becomes available.

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020170131ed1v0014e




Kestra Financial, Inc. Kestra Financial Recruits $140 Million Firm Dudum Financial

504 words
30 January 2017
Journal of Engineering
JOENG
403
English
© Copyright 2017 Journal of Engineering via VerticalNews.com 

2017 JAN 30 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Journal of Engineering -- Independent advisor platform Kestra Financial, Inc. (Kestra Financial) announced the addition of Dudum Financial, a leading employee benefits and financial services firm. Headquartered in the San Francisco market, the firm, led by industry veteran Jason Dudum, is the latest established firm to choose Kestra Financial as its partner for future growth.

The professionals of Dudum Financial, with three satellite offices throughout California, offer a concierge service model that provides comprehensive asset management and estate planning services to families and businesses throughout the U.S. The firm's advisors also specialize in the management of employee benefits for the golf and private club industries.

"Dudum Financial was looking to join a platform that offers state-of-the-art resources, next-generation advisor technology, and practice enrichment tools, all of which are defining attributes of Kestra Financial," said Daniel Schwamb, Senior Vice President of Business Development at Kestra Financial. "As Kestra Financial's recruitment efforts continue to pick up speed, we are proud to partner with sophisticated advisors like Jason Dudum who share our commitment to meeting the financial services needs of a diverse client base."

The relationship with Dudum Financial embodies the mission of Kestra Financial to empower the success of elite, independent advisors.

"Dudum Financial joined Kestra Financial because we needed a growth-minded partner whose tools would allow our investment services and employee benefits businesses to operate more efficiently," Dudum said. "We were impressed with Kestra's dynamic service offerings and have great confidence that its technology will enable our team to better serve clients." About Kestra Financial Kestra Financial, Inc. (Kestra Financial) provides a leading independent advisor platform that empowers sophisticated, independent financial professionals, including traditional and hybrid RIAs, to prosper, grow, and provide superior client service. With a culture rich in reinvention and advisor advocacy, Kestra Financial has developed integrated business management technology that, combined with its personalized consulting services, offers exceptional scale and efficiency.

Headquartered in the "Silicon Hills" of Austin, Texas, Kestra Financial offers an experience as unique as the city in which it operates. The firm supports more than 1,700 independent financial advisors in delivering comprehensive securities and investment advisory services to their clients. Kestra Financial is the parent company of Kestra Investment Services, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC, and of Kestra Advisory Services, LLC; Kestra Private Wealth Services, LLC; and Kestra Institutional Services, LLC, all federally registered investment advisers. For more information about Kestra Financial, please visit www.kestrafinancial.com.

Securities offered through Kestra Investment Services, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC. Investment advisory services offered through Kestra Advisory Services, LLC. Dudum Financial is independently owned and operated. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170117005381/en/

Keywords for this news article include: Technology, Kestra Financial Inc., Finance and Investment, Investment and Finance.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2017, NewsRx LLC

Document JOENG00020170130ed1u00080




Money
Curious incident of the watchdog that didn't bite

Ian Cowie 
504 words
29 January 2017
11:01 AM
sundaytimes.co.uk
SUNDTI
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2017 

I must confess I had never heard of the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (Acoba) until a few hours before I rang it last week to inquire about the former chancellor George Osborne and his good fortune in getting another well-paid job in the City.

Better still, from the point of view of Osborne's constituents in Tatton, Cheshire, it will take him only one day a week to earn the reputed £200,000 annual salary for his services to the asset manager BlackRock, so the MP should have plenty of time left to deal with parliamentary stuff.

Acoba, as I'm sure you know, was set up to advise former ministers and senior civil servants who take up jobs in the private sector, lest they feel tempted to put their pay from the latter ahead of their obligations to the former. With the best will in the world, I told Acoba the BlackRock appointment raised serious questions about conflict of interest.

During his time at No 11, Osborne's biggest reform by far was "pensions freedom". This removed the legal requirement to spend at least three-quarters of our retirement funds on an annuity - a guaranteed income for life - bought from an insurance firm, such as Standard Life.

Instead, savers can now do as we wish with our money, which, in most cases, means leaving the majority of it invested with fund managers - such as, er, BlackRock. As a result of the new rules, the insurers' £12bn-a-year annuities market has collapsed by more than 40% while inflows at fund managers - including BlackRock - have soared.

That's why I asked Acoba to justify its decision to wave through Osborne's new job. Specifically, I queried the letter in which the watchdog told him it "was reassured by confirmation from your former department, Her Majesty's Treasury, that there were no specific policy decisions from your time in office that would have specifically affected BlackRock and the permanent secretary had no concerns about you taking up this post".

No specific policy decisions? No concerns? How about upending a £12bn-a-year market? What about the risk of pensioners' savings expiring before they do? After I put these points to Acoba, the committee admitted: "We can see the point you are making."

Shortly after that, Acoba amended the letter (above) to emphasise that although his decisions had affected fund managers, none related to BlackRock specifically.

Given the billions of pounds involved, I don't think tweaking the text cuts it. Nobody is a bigger fan than I of pensions freedom - I campaigned for it for many years - but this watchdog is fast asleep.

For the good of George Osborne's reputation, and any hopes he may have of returning to the cabinet, Acoba must wake up and bare its fangs.ian.cowie@sunday-times.co.uk or follow on Twitter @iancowieRead a breakdown of Ian Cowie's 'forever' fund

Document SUNDTI0020170129ed1t0008q




UC Board of Regents approves 2.5 percent tuition increase

504 words
26 January 2017
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2017, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

University of California - Los Angeles; Los Angeles, CA - news

By

Students will have to pay $282 more in tuition after a vote by the governing board of the University of California.

The UC Board of Regents approved the 2.5 percent tuition increase, the first in six years, as part of the budget for next year at its bimonthly meeting Thursday at UC San Francisco. The budget also increases the student services fee by $54 and nonresident supplemental tuition by 5 percent, or $1,332.

This means that starting next year, students will have to pay $11,502 in tuition, $1,128 for the student services fee and other campus-specific fees.

Nathan Brostrom, UC executive vice president and chief financial officer, said the tuition increase would accommodate increased undergraduate enrollment, hire additional faculty and expand mental health services.

He added financial aid will cover the increase for two-thirds of students. However, that number also includes students who receive funds from the Middle Class Scholarship, which Gov. Jerry Brown proposed phasing out in his January budget proposal.

Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, Student Regent Marcela Ramirez, State Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson and Regent John Perez voted against the increases.

Newsom said he laments the tuition increase and added he thinks it will give the state legislature an excuse to not increase funding for the UC.

"While New York is moving towards free tuition, we are increasing the cost of education," he said. "Even Tennessee, yes Tennessee, is working to decrease the cost of education."

Perez said he was disappointed more students did not attend the meeting to protest the tuition hike. UC Student Association President Ralph Washington Jr. gave a presentation to the regents on visiting campuses and state incarceration levels, but no protesters attended.

"It is incumbent upon us as regents to be more student-centric and hear the real life impacts of our decisions," Perez said.

Several regents expressed concern about the governor's proposal to phase out the Middle Class Scholarship, which provides scholarships to cover up to 40 percent of tuition and fees. Current students who receive the Middle Class Scholarship would be able to to renew scholarships, but no new ones would be awarded.

Regent Sherry Lansing said she thinks the University needs to work with the legislature to ensure that the Middle Class Scholarship continues.

"We really need to be better with our messaging to the legislature," she said. "The reality is tough for many families."

Other regents said they think there needs to be an effort to increase transparency on what the tuition increase revenue will fund.

Ramirez said she thinks the UC and campus administrators need to get more input from students on what each campus' funding priorities are.

"Students have a genuine desire to be heard," she said. "We want to work with you and have a say in how these funds are allocated."

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020170127ed1q000d9




Wyoming Delegation Reintroduces Bill to Increase Water Storage in Southwestern Wyoming; Approves the Expansion of the Bureau of Reclamation's Fontenelle Reservoir; Sen. Michael B. Enzi (R-WY) News Release

504 words
24 January 2017
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2017 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

Today, U.S. Senators John Barrasso and Mike Enzi and U.S. Representative Liz Cheney, all R-Wyo., reintroduced legislation to approve the expansion of water storage at the Bureau of Reclamation's (BOR) Fontenelle Reservoir in Lincoln County, Wyoming.

"After years of delay, this bill will help move the much needed Fontenelle Reservoir expansion project forward," said Barrasso. "Expanding water storage will give our farmers, ranchers and communities a reliable supply of water in order to keep their livestock and crops healthy. More water storage capacity also provides an economic incentive for new businesses to grow and create jobs in southwest Wyoming."

"Access to a good source of water in Wyoming doesn't always come easy, but it's vital to our livelihood," said Enzi. "This legislation would allow for the expansion of the Fontenelle Reservoir to ensure Wyoming can finally take advantage of the project's full potential. As the former mayor of a booming city, I know how important water storage projects like this are, both to meet today's water needs and keep water supplies secure and flexible into the future."

"Wyoming's agricultural industry is crucial to our economy and our way of life. I am proud to introduce legislation with Senator Barrasso and Senator Enzi that will ensure more of the precious water coming from the Fontenelle Reservoir can be stored and used by our farmers, ranchers and local communities. This increase in active storage capacity will mean more water to our local communities which can lead to more economic growth and jobs. The reliable storage of our water is an ever-present infrastructure priority in Wyoming, an arid Western state," said Cheney.

Background:

The bill allows for the expansion of water storage at the Bureau of Reclamation's (BOR) Fontenelle Reservoir in Lincoln County. This would be accomplished by completing the "rip rap" around the reservoir. "Rip rap" is a foundation or sustaining wall of stones or chunks of concrete connected together around the reservoir to prevent erosion.

The bill directs the State of Wyoming and the BOR to reach an agreement to allow Wyoming to complete the rip rap around the reservoir. The state of Wyoming would pay for the cost of completing this project. Wyoming would also have a right to the water stored in the reservoir if the reservoir is completed by building the rip rap.

Despite multiple requests by the state of Wyoming in 2011 and 2014, the Bureau of Reclamation has not completed the needed National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) compliance in order to move forward with the expansion of the Fontenelle Reservoir in Lincoln County.

Read this original document at: http://www.enzi.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-releases?ContentRecord_id=9779906D-FA5C-44A8-ABDC-D437DDF09328&ContentType_id=AE7A6475-A01F-4DA5-AA94-0A98973DE620&Group_id=91d2f483-0ad8-44ac-bcc4-fc2c82d75e07

Document CONGDP0020170125ed1o000b4




Markets
Dollar Fell After Trump Speech; Investors to closely examine new president's inauguration speech for clarity on his economic policy proposals

By Chelsey Dulaney 
504 words
21 January 2017
08:22 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

The dollar fell and the Mexican peso surged Friday after Donald Trump was sworn in as president of the U.S.

The WSJ Dollar Index, measuring the U.S. currency against 16 others, was down 0.3% to 91.59 after being up as much as 0.4% earlier in the day. The Mexican peso was the strongest currency of the day, rallying about 1.7% against the dollar.

Mr. Trump struck a populist tone in his inauguration speech, reiterating promises to build new infrastructure and bring jobs back to the U.S.

"We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies and destroying our jobs," he said. "Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.

The dollar oscillated during the 16-minute speech but ended lower. Some investors had hoped for more clarity on his tax reform and fiscal spending plans.

"Markets are going to be very cautious moving forward and will be looking very closely at policy versus expectations," said Sireen Harajli a foreign-exchange strategist at Mizuho Bank. "We need to see concrete policies going forward to support the strong dollar."

The dollar had soared to 14-year-highs after Mr. Trump was elected in November, amid hopes that his plans to boost fiscal stimulus, reform taxes and loosen regulation would propel U.S. growth and inflation higher.

But the dollar's rally has lost steam since the start of the year amid uncertainty over Mr. Trump's priorities. Comments from Mr. Trump indicating he would prefer a weaker dollar prompted a sharp selloff in the U.S. currency earlier this week.

Investors will be watching for action on key issues such as trade in the weeks ahead. Many investors fear that a focus on trade protectionism would dent the economic benefits of policies such as infrastructure spending.

For now, weakness in the dollar is supporting the battered Mexican peso, said Ms. Harajli. The Mexican currency had plunged to record lows since the November election as investors worried about how Mr. Trump's plans to renegotiate key trade deals will impact the Mexican peso. Despite Friday's rebound, trading in the peso is likely to remain volatile until "we get more concrete policy moves," said Ms. Harajli.

Other emerging-market currencies were mixed. The dollar fell 1.5% against the Turkish lira, which also plumbed all-time lows after the election, but rose 0.2% against the South African rand.

The greenback was down 0.1% against the Chinese yuan in offshore trading after mixed economic data. Data showed China notched a 6.7% gain in economic growth last year-the weakest rate in a generation-despite a surge of easy credit and state spending. Fourth-quarter GDP growth came in at 6.8%, slightly above economists' expectations.

Write to Chelsey Dulaney at Chelsey.Dulaney@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020170120ed1k006bu


What baby boomers need to know about RMDs

Editorial Staff 
504 words
20 January 2017
Employee Benefit Adviser
EBNADV
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2017 Employee Benefit Adviser and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

What baby boomers need to know about required minimum distributions

The oldest baby boomers will turn 70 1/2 this year, which means they will have to start taking required minimum distributions from their 401(k) plans and IRAs, according to this article on Forbes. IRA investors who turn 70 before June 30 are considered to have turned 70 1/2 before Dec. 31 and should draw their first RMD by April 18, 2018. Those with assets in 401(k) plans and other qualified retirement accounts should check their plan documents to determine when they should start taking their RMD.

Qualifying for the retirement savers' tax credit

Retirees who receive a small income from a part-time job are entitled to a retirement savers' tax credit for contributing to a Roth IRA, according to this article on Kiplinger. The tax break is based on their adjusted gross income and the amount of savings that they put into the account. For example, the retirement savers' tax credit last year would be 10% of the contributions for joint filers with an AGI between $40,001 and $61,500, and single filers whose AGI is between $20,001 and $30,750.

After retirement, clients may find a 'second career' as a volunteer

Some seniors find meaning and purpose in life after leaving the workforce for good by helping others through volunteering. This New York Times article shares the experience of a retired lawyer who is now working as a Financial Coaching Corps volunteer with a program for retirees. "The most rewarding part is knowing that you really helped get someone on the right path," the retiree says.

5 practical steps for creating a retirement backup plan

Clients should have a retirement backup plan, as survey results show that many are forced to retire because of job loss and poor health, according to this article on CBS Moneywatch. An expert with the Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies offers a five-step strategy to help develop a backup to prepare for unexpected retirement. The strategy includes updating their professional skills and personal network, keeping a financial plan, reviewing their insurance policy, sharing their plans with trusted family members and staying healthy.

Just retired and inheriting $1 million: Is there a downside?

A new retiree who just received an inheritance is advised to consider their overall goals and financial resources to ensure that their nest egg will last through retirement, in this article on Money. Hiring an advisor, possibly a certified financial planner, is recommended, as the expert has the expertise to provide guidance on developing a more sustainable retirement plan. The client, however, should be wary of any financial product that the adviser offers, as well as other those who may take advantage of their fortune. "This is tantamount to winning the lottery, when cousins come out of the woodwork, and children want cars," says an expert.

Document EBNADV0020170120ed1k0005l




Money
We planned a dream honeymoon, but Thomson turned it into a nightmare

Rebecca Smithers 
504 words
15 January 2017
05:59 PM
The Guardian
GRDN
40
English
© Copyright 2017.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

First our flight to Mexico was delayed, then our resort was ridiculously busy. Now Thomson won't acknowledge our complaint

Last March we flew from Gatwick to Cancún in Mexico for a 10-day honeymoon (booked with Thomson at a cost of £5,200) for which we had saved hard. Close to our destination we were told the plane was running out of fuel and could not wait around for the airport's broken radar to be fixed. We were diverted 100 miles to Mérida airport.

For five hours we sat on the runway while the pilot gave unhelpful updates. My husband, who is diabetic and which was made clear on the booking, had no water or food as there was none left. Despite ringing the call button nobody came, and all we were told was that the airport would not refuel us because Thomson had no contract with it.

We finally took off for Cancún, where our honeymoon went further downhill. The five-star Moon Palace resort was wonderful for three days until the masses arrived, when we had to queue for almost everything. No sunbeds unless we got up at 4am, no breakfast unless we ate at 10.30am when there was little left. There were long queues for dinner every night. We complained upon our return and have tried unsuccessfully to get a response from Thomson. Any help would be appreciated. KA, Horley, Surrey

A disappointing occurrence since you explicitly said you were booking your honeymoon. You also did the right thing in lodging a complaint as soon as you got home, as many package holiday companies have a deadline. By law you have the right to expect that the holiday matches the brochure or website description - and if not, under the terms of the Package Travel, Package Holidays and Package Tours Regulations 1992, you would probably have a claim against Thomson.

Your complaint was made slightly more complicated by the fact it involved a flight delay (due to local radar problems and therefore not triggering automatic compensation under EU rules); while the second part related to the resort and what you considered to be services that were vastly inferior to a five-star hotel, boasting 14 restaurants and seven swimming pools.

After our intervention Thomson agreed to investigate (although it did not say why it failed to respond to your complaint), and you were contacted by a customer service representative who initially offered you £200, subsequently raised to £1,200 after further investigation. This was its final offer, which you accepted. Thomson said: "We are sorry to hear of KA's experience. We have been in direct contact and the situation has been successfully resolved." Hardly a dream honeymoon, however.

We welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at  consumer.champions@theguardian.com  or write to Consumer Champions, Money, the Guardian, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU. Please include a daytime phone number

Document GRDN000020170115ed1f000jh


LETTERS

504 words
11 January 2017
The Spokesman-Review
SPRV
ISSN:10647317
English
© 2017 The Spokesman-Review. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

RICH KAPELKE SPOKANE DRIVERS IGNORING RULES I feel that many will attest to studying the driver's manual to obtain their licenses, and afterward ignoring the basic rules of the road once they have license in hand.In adverse weather conditions and during either dusk or dawn, no driver has headlights on.The proponents of the program should form a health care company and sell one product, Obamacare.

PUT BUS PULLOUTS ON MONROE

My family quizzed a good friend of ours after retirement from the city as to his most important project to benefit Spokane during his tenure. He cited bus pullouts added during the Division Street upgrade to improve traffic flow.

If this upgrade on Division Street proved so valuable, why is it completely off the table for Monroe Street? The deletion of bus pullouts for the Monroe Street project has already tagged it as a "told-you-so" mistake.

RICH KAPELKE

SPOKANE

DRIVERS IGNORING RULES

I feel that many will attest to studying the driver's manual to obtain their licenses, and afterward ignoring the basic rules of the road once they have license in hand. Many disregard the fact that they must give the pedestrian the right of way at a crosswalk. Many do not, as they seem to be in a hurry to get where they are going.

I see this a lot on East Trent in the area of the Union Gospel Mission. Just because a person might be homeless doesn't mean they deserve less respect than if someone was trying to cross a street in any other neighborhood.

And a very important rule: In adverse weather conditions and during either dusk or dawn, no driver has headlights on. Relax people, it's more to be seen than to see.

BRAD DE LORME

SPOKANE

TURN ACA INTO PRODUCT

I think I have solved the problem of Obamacare. The proponents of the program should form a health care company and sell one product, Obamacare. Funding such a company wouldn't be hard as George Soros, the Clinton Foundation and, of course, the Hollywood "intelligentsia" have millions if not billions of dollars available that I am sure they would gladly use to fund such an endeavor. But this will never happen.

Why, you ask, would such a "noble" ideal not be brought to life by those who so fervently support it? The answer sadly is really basic and simple. Most of those who want to "save the world" want someone else to pay for creating their ideas. They just want to take the credit for having such "noble" intentions.

To be fair there are examples of individual idealists who use their own money to support and implement their own egalitarian ideals but these are usually at the local individual level not at the "save-the-world" national level. Perhaps the people that want to "save the world" should be more like these people. They might actually be able to accomplish something other than their personal glorification.

JERRY PAULIN

SPOKANE

Document SPRV000020170203ed1b00007




Prudential, Captrust win 401(k) lawsuit

GREG IACURCI; giacurci@investmentnews.com 
504 words
9 January 2017
Investment News
INVN
4
Volume 21; Number 1
English
(c) 2017 Crain Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. 

PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL and Captrust Financial Advisors have defeated allegations of fiduciary breach in a 401(k) lawsuit against the two companies and the employer sponsoring the retirement plan.

Connecticut District Court Judge Victor A. Bolden granted the defendants' requests to dismiss the class action lawsuit because the plaintiff, a plan participant, failed to state a claim, according to a decision filed Dec. 30 in Rosen v. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Co. et al.

Plaintiff Richard A. Rosen argued that Prudential, the record keeper for the $1.3 billion Ferguson Enterprises Inc. 401(k) plan, breached its fiduciary duties by engaging in self-dealing when servicing the plan.

Prudential allegedly did this through its receipt of revenue-sharing payments and by including its GoalMaker asset-allocation product in the plan, which supposedly steered participants into "high-cost investment options to the benefit of Prudential," according to the court document.

Prudential argued it couldn't be held liable for fiduciary breach under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 because it wasn't acting as a fiduciary with respect to the alleged conduct, an argument Mr. Bolden supported.

'MAINSTREAM' DECISION

"Prudential cannot be held liable under ERISA for breach of fiduciary duties or prohibited transactions with respect to its selection of investment options, determination of compensation, administration of the GoalMaker program, or alleged securities lending activities," the judge wrote. "Plaintiffs have failed to plausibly plead any ERISA violations with respect to these activities, and any related claims are dismissed for failure to state a claim."

Laura Burke, a Prudential spokeswoman, declined to comment on the lawsuit. Ronald Kravitz, an attorney at Shepherd Finkelman Miller & Shah who represented the plaintiff, didn't return a request for comment.

The lawsuit was originally filed in December 2015. In May, the case was consolidated with a similar action, Muir v. Prudential Retirement Insurance and Annuity Co.

Duane Thompson, senior policy analyst at fiduciary consulting firm fi360 Inc., said the judge's decision is largely "in the mainstream" when looking at decisions from similar cases involving insurance companies.

ADVISER TO FERGUSON PLAN

CapFinancial Partners, which does business as Captrust, was the investment adviser to the Ferguson Enterprises retirement plan that selected Prudential as the record keeper.

The plaintiff claimed that CapFinancial and the employer had breached their fiduciary duties by choosing "an overly expensive menu of investment options and by failing to monitor Prudential in its administration of these various plans and investments," according to the court document.

However, the judge dismissed these allegations, essentially saying they "were too vague," Mr. Thompson said.

Prudential and Captrust are among several financial services companies that have been sued in the past year or so for alleged fiduciary breach in 401(k) plans. Others include Voya Financial, Fidelity Investments, Neuberger Berman, Franklin Templeton, New York Life Insurance Co., American Century Investments, Edward Jones and Morgan Stanley, some of which were sued for conduct within their own company plans.

Twitter: @gregiacurci

Document INVN000020170112ed190000h



Money
I'm leaving our two-man consultancy firm - how can I tell my boss?

504 words
6 January 2017
06:00 PM
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2017.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

He seems to have lost all interest in work, pays me below market rate and has essentially cut me adrift on my final project

Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear Jeremy advice column in the Saturday Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside Jeremy's own insights.

I work for a two-man consulting company - my boss is a friend from university and owns all of the business. Over the past 12 months he seems to have lost all interest and has not been performing at all. He has had many problems in his personal life, involving a bereavement, and hasn't been interested in winning new business or seeing to it that our current client work is done properly.

I've always been paid an extremely low salary, way below market rate, on the understanding that future business success could make up for this. However, now I feel that I've been taken advantage of, with my boss taking our client fees at market rate and using my low wage to subsidise himself. I have no proof of this, however.

We don't have an office, so we work from home, and I very rarely see my boss, and he doesn't always answer my calls or reply to my texts. We'll meet and allocate tasks, then they just won't get done.

I have been offered a good, stable job at another company and have decided to go full-time with them in March. However, until the end of February I've got one client for whom I need to do a report, but I need the help of my boss and, try as I might to communicate with him, nothing gets done. I feel completely isolated with the responsibility for a project I know will fail. Should I just leave and let him sort out the mess by himself, knowing that I'll be fine as I start with my other company soon?

Alternatively, is there anything I can say to my boss to give him that burst of motivation needed at least to get this project over the finishing line, after which we can wind up the company and go our separate ways? I don't want to let down a friend but this is becoming a nightmare, and by failing on this project I'll be letting down a high-profile client.

I'm also considering informing the client about our problems, although it will be very embarrassing at this late stage. Any help in this difficult situation would be really appreciated.

Do you need advice on a work issue? For Jeremy's and readers' help, send a brief email to  dear.jeremy@theguardian.com  . Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply personally.

Document GRDN000020170106ed16000p7


Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:32 PM
    
