 


Pension fund $881m loss

504 words
30 September 2008
The Daily Post (New Zealand)
APNTDP
A08
English
Copyright 2008 APN New Zealand Ltd - Regionals. All Rights Reserved      

Tumbling world stock markets have taken a toll on the taxpayer-backed New Zealand Superannuation Fund, which still retains bipartisan political support after its $881 million loss.

The so-called Cullen Fund - into which the Government pumps about $2 billion every year to help to fund future pension payments - felt the fallout of turbulent markets and reported the hefty after-tax loss in the year to June 30.

Before tax the loss was $716 million and, as a percentage, the fund's return was negative 4.92 per cent before tax.

The super fund still has a solid positive return over its lifetime but the negative result in the past year will have an impact on the Government's accounts, which are set to be released on Monday.

Finance Minister Michael Cullen yesterday urged people to remember the super fund was a long-term proposition.

``Not many investors in global equities would have avoided incurring mark-to- market losses in the value of their shareholdings late last year and in the first half of 2008.''

Indeed, the fund - with its mixture of largely overseas shareholdings, local stocks and a variety of other property and fixed-interest investments - was expected to have a tough year given the ill-health of financial markets.

It will not, however, become a political football in the election campaign.

National's finance spokesman, Bill English, yesterday reinforced his party's position on the fund, saying a National-led government would keep it and continue contributing at the amounts required under current legislation.

``They have been affected in the same way as pretty much every other investment in the developed world,'' he said. ``At times like these, you need to take a long- term view.''

Mr English said the fund's average return since it began was still ``fairly solid'' and National hoped markets would bottom out and turn around so the fund could get its returns back up again.

``We want to keep the fund and we will follow the formula in the legislation,'' Mr English said.

The amount that goes into the fund each year from the Government is determined by a complicated formula and it has actually edged above $2 billion a year.

That means there is not as much money available for the Government to spend on other things.

As the fund gets bigger it also has a more noticeable impact on the Government's accounts.

In recent years the fund's positive earnings have helped to inflate big surpluses, and now its negative returns will do the opposite.

At the end of its June 30 financial year, the fund's overall assets had grown to $14.13 billion and it will get much larger before it is ever used to help pay for future pension payments.

Under law, no capital withdrawal is allowed before July 1, 2020.

It will still only partially fund the cost of pension payments, which are set to skyrocket due to the ageing New Zealand population.

- NZ Herald

Document APNTDP0020080930e49u0001g




Greens push for ethical shares

By Claire Low and David Stockman      
504 words
22 September 2008
Canberra Times
CANBTZ
7
English
(c) 2008 The Canberra Times      

The ACT Greens want to see commitment to ethical investment in the next Assembly beyond merely signing up to the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment.Lead candidate for Brindabella Amanda Bresnan criticised the Government for ''failing to follow through'' after becoming a signatory after pressure from Greens MLA Deb Foskey and the scandal of ACT Government investments in cluster bombs and tobacco. ''These immoral investments remain,'' she said. ''The Chief Minister has not used his shareholder status to ask a single question about

the operations of the businesses the Government invests in. ''The ACT Government fund managers do not appear to have taken any active steps to cut our investments in contentious industries or lift our game on the social or environmental front.'' The Government ought to set the ethical guidelines in which fund managers worked, Ms Bresnan said. The Greens would look to include negative screening against industries deemed undesirable and positive screening to encourage investment in industries such as renewable energy development in the ACT Government investment guidelines. The party wants a minimal percentage investment commitment to

ethnical industries of perhaps 10per cent in the first instance, to be increased incrementally annually. Ethical investment could help given the state of the financial markets, according to Ms Bresnan, ''Ethical shares are very stable and would be a suitable thing to have money invested in.'' This follows the revelation that the ACT Government is set to lose up to $700,000 out of the financial crisis, with another $1.2million potentially at risk. However, Treasury is not changing its economic forecast, saying the losses will be chalked up to the ups and downs of the financial markets. The Government had $680,000 invested in a Lehman Brothers fixed-

interest pooled fund. The company filed for bankruptcy before parts of the business were acquired by Barclays days later. The Government was unable to say how much of that money was lost. There was a further $36,000 in a pooled fund consisting of shares held in Lehmans that money was not expected to be recovered. Chief Minister and Treasurer Jon Stanhope said the losses represented a small proportion of ACT investments, with an overall investment portfolio of more than $3billion. ''The ACT Government manages a fully diversified portfolio of investments which minimises the consequences of an individual failure,'' he said.

The risk for the ACT finances does not end there. Treasury also has $400,000 invested in insurance company AIG which received a bail-out from the United States Government. And there is a further $800,000 invested in troubled group HBOS. This is on top of short-term losses from $1.2million invested in a pooled investment vehicle that evenly invests across the share market.A Treasury spokesman said he was confident the losses would be recovered in the long term. The Canberra Party's Richard Mulcahy said he was pleased Treasury had minimised the risk to the ACT's investments.

11325616

Document CANBTZ0020080921e49m00013




Daily Main Book - Business
Credit crisis DIARY

504 words
22 September 2008
The Independent
IND
1ST
English
(c) 2008 Independent & Media PLC      

Business

Hedgies turn to m'learned friends

*Looks like the hedge fund sector has got the hump over the concerted effort by regulators worldwide to crack down on short selling. In a world of pain following Friday's share price gains, anonymous of Mayfair spent the weekend letting it be known he and his ilk might sue the FSA for hanging them out to dry. Best of luck with that one, chaps - you'll need it.

FSA boss remembers an old friend

*The incoming Financial Services Authority chairman, Adair Turner, popped up on telly yesterday despite not starting work until today. Lord Turner was naturally keen not to contradict comments from the Prime Minister about City bonuses. The two have history, after all. As chancellor, Gordon Brown despatched his fearsome spin doctors to rubbish the maths in Lord Turner's Pensions Commission report (or at least the bit of it that implied a need for big spending rises). Let's hope they've put it all behind them.

Where will these eBay sellers stop?

*Victims of the credit crunch are turning to eBay, selling off memorabilia - in the loosest sense of the word - from employers such as Lehman Brothers and HBOS. The most tasteless of the offers going right now provides the opportunity to buy "www.merrilllynched.com", with bidding slated to start at $1,000 (£545). For the money, you also get a rather nasty logo - the Merrill bull with its head in a noose.

Have yourself a credit crunched Christmas

*All credit to Travelodge for getting festive season-themed research out in mid-September - and bonus points for the credit crunch link. The average Briton plans to spend a fifth less on Christmas this year because of the financial crisis, Travelodge tells us. And if you were planning on spending Christmas with someone big in the City, think again: Travelodge says a third of people plan to ask guests to bring their own food and drink.

Brown's Goose Green moment

*Richard Hillgrove bills himself as "the UK's leading business and political publicist", and he's got good news (sort of) for Gordon Brown. The credit crunch could be "the PM's Falklands", Mr Hillgrove says if he can vanquish the economic crisis in the same way as Mrs Thatcher sent the Argentines packing, the election might be saved. No mean feat, but who dares wins, Gordon.

Come in Boris, London needs you

*Thank goodness Boris Johnson is back from the Paralympics in Beijing as every other financial centre in the world lobbies for the jobs of those threatened by the crunch. The Scottish have made it clear there will be no free-for-all on HBOS jobs, and New York mayor Michael Bloomberg was keen to reassure the Big Apple yesterday, promising in his weekly radio address (there's an idea, Boris) that he'd won assurances from Merrill Lynch and Lehmans. Surely London's top man can pull a string or two?

Document IND0000020080922e49m00042




Lehman collapse raises questions for money market funds

504 words
18 September 2008
Citywire
CWIRE
English
(c) 2008 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved.      

In the US, the money market fund sector has been rocked by reports that one of the oldest and biggest funds is in trouble.

On Tuesday the Reserve Primary Fund 'broke the buck', which means its share price fell below $1. This is never supposed to happen to a fund designed to be a safe haven for cash.

Fears that problems may spread to other funds in the sector have now subsided, after providers moved quickly to reassure investors.

Investors began to bale out of the Reserve fund, which had around $60 billion in assets at the end of last week, because of concerns that it held commercial paper issued by Lehman Brothers as well as simpler, more traditional cash instruments.

By Tuesday the fund had lost around two thirds of its assets and there was a growing threat that investors would exit the sector en masse.

That threat now looks to have been averted. But could a similar situation arise in the UK?

Mark Dampier of Hargreaves Lansdown believes not, partly because relatively few UK investors have been drawn to these types of funds.

'Money market funds have never really taken off here,' Dampier said.

Building societies have always been the cornerstone of most investors' allocation to cash, he said. 'Money market funds are not as mainstream here, because they're not really understood.'

Dampier said it was important to distinguish between two types of money market funds: investment and treasury. The investment type of money market funds are not guaranteed, offer higher yield but are higher risk, he said. These funds may hold short term commercial paper and other debt instruments, while the treasury variety is simply pure cash instruments such as loans and deposits.

There is a good case for regarding the second category as a relatively safe investment, Dampier believes. One of the problems in the US, he believes, is that differences between these types of funds were only clear if you examined the detail of the prospectuses.

'In America, the regulator has not been that great at making it clear which is which.' And with interest rates so low, he said, investors were searching for yield and did not always look too closely at what they bought.

In the UK, Fidelity is among the leading providers of money market funds. A spokesman for the group said: 'Our cash funds are treasury style money market funds, which means they have a stable NAV, and not investment style cash funds - also known asenhanced yield cash funds -which are usually short-term bond funds and do not have a stable NAV.'

'Both types can be found in the IMA money market sector but there is definitely a very significant difference. We have money market funds for institutional and retail clients and all are actively managed, which means the portfolio manager works with our fixed income analysts to pick 50-60 of the most secure deposits, thereby mimicking a deposit account, but with better diversification.'

Document CWIRE00020080918e49i000p2




News
WALES: Bonds at a premium when going is tough

By JEREMY GATES      
504 words
15 September 2008
Daily Post (North Wales)
DPO
10
English
(c) The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd, 2008.      

your MONEY

EVEN though Sir Alan Sugar has cut his TV advertising efforts lately, Premium Bonds make an attractive bolthole for cash when even the Chancellor of the Exchequer is looking hard at the lifeboats.

Have a gamble, and get your (Government-guaranteed) money back whenever you need it! The simplicity is appealing when so many other investments are going down the drain.

Savers stashed £15.5bn into National Savings in 2007/08 and 43% of that - some £6.6bn - bought Premium Bonds, by far its biggest seller.

According to National Savings and Investments (NS&I) last year alone, money invested in National Savings saved taxpayers £375m by reducing the cost of Government borrowing. Nearly half that saving - around £170m - presumably came from Premium Bonds.

In September's draw, ERNIE 4 is paying out over 1.6m prizes, worth more than £104m. Some 36.8bn Premium Bonds are eligible for a prize.

It's been a remarkable boom and continues despite the promise of NS&I chief executive Jane Platt, in her 2007/08 report, to "shift the emphasis away from this product by bringing other key products to the fore."

In 1997, when Mr Brown began his Chancellorship, savers held £8.6bn in Premium Bonds. Now it's nearly £36.5bn.

In one month alone - October 2006 - we sank a record £2.2bn into Premium Bonds when their 50th anniversary was marked by five £1m monthly jackpots. Around 400,000 people hold the maximum investment allowed of £30,000.

Nearly £30m worth of Premium Bond prizes still wait to be collected. Long-forgotten winning numbers can be traced on the NS&I website.

The late-1990s surge in Premium Bond buying enabled NS&I to double its jackpot to two £1m winners in August 2005.

Maybe the National Lottery - which means millions of people actually losing money every Saturday night - makes Premium Bonds more attractive, because the gambling chips are never lost.

Possibly we buy in the Titanic spirit: let's have a gamble to keep spirits up.

In my case, whenever a regular National Savings mailshot falls through the letter box, I check our current account to see if any spare cash is earning a derisory 0.10% interest at Lloyds TSB and bung another £200 off to the Premium Bonds HQ.

I suppose my wife and I are too lazy to find a better, more accessible place for the cash. Four or five years ago, our Premium Bond winnings held steady around £1,000 a year.

Since then our stake has steadily increased and winnings have shrunk.

But I still got a shock when I tallied up winnings for 2008 - a measly £200.

If our Premium Bond stake was safely invested in a building society account paying around 6%, it would gross nearly £1,300 per year. Are we really paying more than £1,000 a year for the vain hope of becoming millionaires?

Document DPO0000020080915e49f0000t


Investors Chronicle - magazine and web content: The high cost of capital guarantees.

Moira O'Neill 
504 words
10 September 2008
Investors Chronicle - Magazine and Web Content
INVR
English
Copyright (c) 2008 Investors Chronicle 

COMMENT: Structured products appear to offer stock market growth but without the risk. But it isn't that simple, and you shouldn't take structured products at face value

The Investment Management Association, which represents the fund management industry, is getting hot under the collar about the increasing popularity of structured products called guaranteed equity bonds (GEBs), that are luring investors away from traditional funds.

Investors worried about stock market volatility are flocking to GEBs because they offer both a return related to growth of the stock market and a guarantee against capital loss. But these products should not be taken at face value.

The IMA has taken performance data from National Savings &Investment's five GEB issues since April 2007 and compared them with the return from a FTSE 100 index tracking fund.

The interesting comparison shows that after taking account of the typical 1 per cent annual charge in the index tracker, GEBs are underperforming the stock market by about 4.5 per cent a year. Fine, you may say, this is to be expected from a product that only gives you a proportion of stock market uplifts. But then examine the underlying reasons why you are buying - to do a bit better than sticking your cash in the building society.

Richard Saunders, chief executive of the IMA, points out that the 4.5 per cent performance margin is very close to many economists' estimates of the current "equity risk premium". In other words the returns from GEBs can be expected over time to be much closer to risk-free investment such as cash deposits and gilts than to the stock market. Why bother, you now think? Oh yes, the guaranteed capital.

But while GEBs offer a guarantee against the index falling over a five year period, the IMA points out that that is a relatively unusual event. Before 2002, the last time it was down over five years was in 1978.

Although structured products can help investors to sleep well at night, there are other reasons why you may think twice about them. They aren't always transparent, for example, it can be difficult to find out who is the counterparty guaranteeing the capital. There is also an opportunity cost - you don't get the return from dividends. For this reason, Rob Pemberton, investment director at HFM Columbus Asset Management, is not keen on products linked to FTSE indices.

But I don't want to be too negative as there are many exciting structured products from niche players such as Quantum Asset Management (www.dawnaydayquantum.com) that can play useful roles in your portfolio. Mr Pemberton says: "Structured products are good for high risk/high reward asset classes, especially those that don't have income streams, for example commodities and emerging markets where you don't get much of a yield."

For a tour of the best structured products, see next week's issue.

66757473

Document INVR000020080916e49a0001x




Local
No benefit for low-income earners - TAX BLUEPRINT

David Uren, Economics correspondent      
504 words
7 August 2008
The Australian
AUSTLN
1 - All-round Country
4
English
Copyright 2008 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

SUPERANNUATION

THE massive tax concessions provided to superannuation are benefiting mainly high-income earners who would be saving money anyway.

The Henry tax review shows that 1.2 million low-income people who are making superannuation contributions receive no tax benefit at all, because the lowest income tax bracket is now 15 per cent, the same as the tax on contributions.

A further 1.2 million people receive gains of only 1.5 per cent, the same as the Medicare levy.

The review quotes Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development findings that the success of tax incentives in raising savings depends on the level of take-up by moderate-income households.

``Higher-income households are more likely to respond by switching their existing savings,'' the review says.

Treasury says that if tax concessions for retirement savings simply result in people switching their existing savings -- for example, transferring their share portfolio into a superannuation fund -- the result is likely to be lower national savings overall.

The discussion paper released yesterday does not include any recommendations for change; however, the Government has ruled out any alteration in arrangements for the tax-free treatment of superannuation payments for people aged over 60.

The report suggests taxation of savings is inconsistent, with interest on bank deposits being treated harshly, while negatively geared property and shares are rewarded.

Australia is out of line with other nations in taxing savings and capital overall too heavily, it says. However, the concessions to superannuation, which swamp all other forms of tax benefit, introduce the greatest distortion.

The report shows the cost of superannuation tax concessions has risen to $27 billion a year, and it is expected to reach $31billion by 2010-11.

For people on high incomes, more than $160,000 a year, the tax saving on superannuation is equivalent to 31.5c in the dollar, while someone on average earnings of about $55,000 gets a benefit of 16.5c in the dollar.

The advantage of superannuation benefits for people on lower incomes, including a large proportion of the part-time workforce, has been eroded by personal income tax cuts, which have reduced the difference from the superannuation concession of paying tax of 15c in the dollar.

The Howard government sought to make superannuation more attractive for low-income earners by introducing the co-contribution scheme.

There are 1.4 million people taking advantage of that scheme, reaping a benefit of $1.1 billion this year. However, Treasury says this is only 20 per cent of the people who would be eligible for the scheme if they made voluntary superannuation contributions.

For a taxpayer on the top marginal tax rate of 46.5c in the dollar, investing in superannuation far outweighs any other form of asset.

Treasury says Australia's overall taxation on savings and investment provides about a third of government income and is among the highest in the developed world.

AUS-20080807-1-004-102912

Document AUSTLN0020080806e48700010




Business
PERSONAL FINANCE

Noel Whittaker      
504 words
7 August 2008
The Newcastle Herald
NEHR
Late
57
English
© 2008 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited.      www.fd.com.au

Q I took out a reverse mortgage in April 2004 for $40,000. My property was valued at $200,000, interest rate 7.57 per cent. The balance of the loan at the end of 2007 was $51,589. The property is valued at $365,000, interest rate from February 2008 is 9.38 per cent. I am looking to buy a cheaper property, clearing this debt and having some money in the bank. My only option is to buy a park home in a holiday village. My main concern is that the bank will eventually own my home. I am 70, and enjoy good health. Am I worrying unnecessarily?

A If you do the numbers, your position is not nearly as bad as you think and you certainly don't need to sell. There is a strong belief that interest rates are dropping, but even if they don't, your debt should be no more than about $198,000 when you are 85. If your house appreciates at 3 per cent per annum it will be worth $572,000 then.

Q You wrote that a person over 55 could access their super tax-free and gift it to a relative. Is it possible for this to occur without salary sacrificing having been done previously? I would think that the person could still only withdraw their unpreserved super before retirement. If they tried to access preserved super for a deposit it would be taxed highly and have to pass the hardship rule, wouldn't it?

A Once you reach 55, the first $145,000 of your superannuation can be accessed tax-free at age 60 it is all tax-free. However, you cannot access your superannuation as a lump sum at 55 unless you sign a statement that you are permanently retired. You can access it as a transition to retirement pension.

Q A friend with asbestosis has been awarded $117,000, which he has invested in a building society earning interest of $60 a week. He is on the age pension and has no assets. Centrelink has advised they deem the $117,000 at a certain percentage of what he earns and that they will now take $25 a week from his pension plus the $30 interest from the building society.

A If the interest he is receiving is $3000 a year, he is getting less than 4 per cent, which is not good when banks are offering more than 8 per cent. Even if he got just 7.5 per cent he would be receiving interest of $169 a week, which is $109 more than he is getting now. On an investment of $117,000 Centrelink would deem him to be receiving $6232 a year ($120 a week), so as long as he can do better than that he is well in front.

Send your questions to noelwhit@gil.com.au. Readers should seek their own expert advice before making financial decisions.

Document NEHR000020080807e4870002m




FINANCE with Paul Clitheroe Super shocker could be just a bump in the road ` Who can forget October 20, 1987 when the All Ordinaries fell by 25 per cent in just one day? '

504 words
6 August 2008
North Shore Times
NORSHO
1 - MB
23
English
Copyright 2008 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

FINANCE with Paul Clitheroe

` Who can forget

October 20, 1987

when the All

Ordinaries fell

by 25 per cent

in just one day? '

THIS year's super statements will cause lots of unpleasant surprises, with many discovering for the first time how much sharemarket turbulence can affect their nest egg.

When you review your fund statement for the financial year just ended, chances are you'll find it has gone backwards.

That's because most of us have our super invested in balanced or growth options both of which have strong exposure to the sharemarket.

So when the sharemarket falls, super funds investing in shares are likely to drop.

But here's the thing. The reason investments like shares feature so strongly in super is because they have a track record of solid returns over the long term. And, and as a very long-term asset, your super should also go on to recover from the present turmoil.

To show just how this works, a recent report from fund researcher Morningstar and the Investment and Financial Services Association found if you had invested $1,000 in Australian shares in 1973, the same investment would be worth around $80,000 today. Yet over the intervening 35 years, plenty of events rocked the sharemarket.

In 1974 for example, the OPEC oil crisis sparked a 50 per cent drop in the sharemarket, yet four years later it had recovered its value and continued to climb higher. And who can forget Black Monday October 20, 1987 when the All Ordinaries share index plunged by 25 per cent in just one day? And then there were the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 when Australian shares slid 12 per cent.

The bottom line is history tells us sharemarkets, and your super, should recover their values, and a single year of bad returns will be offset against many more good ones.

Falling super values over this last financial year can mean that those of us nearing retirement may have to rethink our immediate plans, possibly staying at work a bit longer.

Don't get me wrong, I know this will be a setback to many people, and I also don't like seeing my own super heading south.

But if you're still very much in the workforce, now could be a good time to take advantage of discounted asset prices and actually tip more into super. Share values have taken a hammering in the last 12 months and that means your contributions will buy more in terms of underlying investments. By the time you've hung up your workboots it could make a tremendous difference to your lifestyle.

Paul Clitheroe is a founding director of financial planning firm ipac, chairman of the Financial Literacy Foundation and chief commentator for Money magazine.

NSG-20080806-1-023-815454

Document NORSHO0020080806e4860000u


Financial Adviser: Crunch will kick start saving, claims Cable.

Joy Dunbar      
504 words
24 July 2008
Financial Adviser
FADV
English
(c) 2008 Financial Adviser      

Speaking at launch of Scottish Widows' annual report into savings and investments Lib Dem man claims credit crunch may have some benefits

The credit crunch may be the much-needed catalyst that provokes a positive change in British people's attitudes towards saving, Vince Cable has claimed.

Speaking at the launch of the Scottish Widows Savings and Investment Report 2008, the deputy leader and shadow chancellor of the Liberal Democrats, said the current economic turmoil could shock people into saving.

He said: "There may be an abrupt change in savings behaviour. People have been shocked by the credit crunch and they may overreact and save much more."

Mr Cable added tax incentives were not necessarily a good enticement for savers as things such as pension credit could be very complicated.

He said: "It become much easier to borrow and lenders became very aggressive and people were encouraged to believe in the housing market. Personal debt has achieved levels that are unprecedented and we have an economy that is skewed towards borrowing and the property bubble, which is now bursting. In the future there will be a better balance between savings and borrowing.

"There needs to be a level playing field with the regulatory framework for savings and borrowing and there needs to be a level playing field between the two."

His comments were backed up by the Scottish Widows report, which found that the top financial priority of respondents for the year ahead was paying off debts.

Of the 6000 people surveyed, 35 per cent said their priority for the year was saving. This was followed by 23 per cent who said paying of their mortgage or reducing the mortgage balance topped their list of priorities.

Meanwhile Gordon Greig, head of savings and investments for Scottish Widows, said financial education was needed as an encouragement and called for more simplified products and literature from financial services companies. He added there needed to be incentives especially for those who earn less than GBP20,000.

He told the audience of experts: "Those who earn less than GBP20,000 have difficulties saving and should be encouraged to save. Child trust funds are an ideal savings vehicle and can provide a great for the next generation of savers.

"Some savings should be disregarded for the purposes of assessing means tested benefits and the government could consider ring fencing some funds accumulated in an Isa."

The 16-page report by the life company concluded savings had fallen out of favour with a lack of funds still proving a barrier. One third of respondents earning more than GBP50,000 a year claimed to be unable to save, while 49 per cent of people earning between GBP20,000 and GBP29,999 also said they could not afford to invest into a savings vehicle.

Carl Emmerson, deputy director of Institute for Fiscal Studies, spoke at the event which was chaired by Merlin Stone, a professor from the Bristol Business School.

65721670

Document FADV000020080724e47o0002i




5 steps to ease the pain of high fuel costs

By Mark Solheim Kiplinger's Money Power      
504 words
22 June 2008
Deseret Morning News
DN
M03
English
(c) 2008 Deseret News Publishing Co.      

Prepare for prolonged pain at the pump. The price of gas keeps soaring -- thanks to rising global demand, speculators and the weak dollar. In the past five years, the cost of gas has risen 139 percent, versus 16 percent for the overall cost of living. Here's how to ease the pain:

1. You could trade in your monster SUV. Sales of gas guzzlers have tanked as subcompact sales continue to surge. To see why, just do the math: With gas at $4 a gallon, the annual cost to fill up a new Chevy Tahoe is nearly $3,800, assuming you drive 15,000 miles a year. Switch to a Toyota Prius hybrid and your gas bill drops to $1,300.

2. Or fill up with an alternative fuel. There are affordable substitutes for gasoline-powered vehicles. For example, millions of vehicles are built to run on either gas or E85 (which is 85 percent ethanol). E85 has dropped to $2.50 a gallon, on average, although it may be hard to find outside the Midwest. Fuel-efficient diesel models are on the way, too. For example, the Jetta SportWagon TDI diesel, which debuts in August in the U.S., should cost half as much annually to fuel as the gasoline Jetta, even with diesel above $4 a gallon.

3. Chill behind the wheel. Aggressive driving -- you know, excess speed, frequent lane changing and sharp braking -- cuts fuel economy by as much as 35 percent, according to tests by Edmunds.com. You'll also boost fuel economy by keeping your tires properly inflated. Check to make sure your air filter isn't clogged and remove junk from the trunk.

4. Regular is good enough. A few high-performance engines really do need premium gas to run properly. But chances are that if your owner's manual recommends high octane, your car will do just fine on regular. Most vehicles are equipped with knock sensors, which adjust the engine's timing automatically to prevent uncontrolled sparking of the gasoline-and-air mixture in the cylinders. In exchange for a typical $140 a year in reduced fuel costs, you sacrifice a few horsepower and perhaps a second off your car's zero-to-60 sprint. A few drivers have reported slightly lower fuel economy, too.

5. Stretch your gas money. GasBuddy.com, as well as GasPriceWatch.com, identify the lowest-priced gas in your area. Of course, if you drive out of your way to fill up, you may lose the benefit of the savings. The BP Visa Rewards card earns 5 percent cash back on BP gasoline purchases, 2 percent on travel and dining, and 1 percent on everything else. The Chase PerfectCard MasterCard returns 3 percent on gas purchases and 1 percent on other purchases. Mark Solheim is a senior editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com.

Document DN00000020080622e46m0003n




Don't be too late

504 words
4 June 2008
Gold Coast Sun
NLGCSU
2 - GC Sun South
134
English
Copyright 2008 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

FINANCIAL security is the most common factor when it comes to deciding about when to retire, according to research released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics for the current financial year.

``But the problem is, without professional retirement planning advice, it's near impossible for most people to know if they're financially secure enough to provide for the retirement they

want,'' says John Newcomb, from RetireInvest Robina.

While their retirement lump sum is likely to be the biggest sum of money they've ever had, and may seem like a fortune, when the impact of tax and inflation is considered - and the fact the money might have to last for a retirement of up to 20 years plus - the amount might not end up stretching far at all.

``It's important to think in advance about what sort of lifestyle you're expecting in retirement and consider the costs.''

While the government age pension may offer some support, and should be maximised through every reasonable way, it's not something to aspire to of itself.

In the quarter to September, 2007, the cost of living increased to $48,000 a year for retired couples with a lifestyle that included a broad range of leisure activities, private health insurance, a reasonable car, good clothes, and occasional international travel, according to Westpac/Association of Superannuation Funds research.

For those leading a more modest retirement lifestyle, better than the age pension but still fairly basic, the yearly cost was $26,300.

``With life expectance increasing, it's even more important to ensure your retirement finances are well-planned so you don't outlive your money,'' says John.

When it comes to retiring, there are complex rules around tax, social security, investments and superannuation and

so many ways to structure finances.

``If Australians only seek financial advice once in their life, planning for retirement is the time to do it and the earlier they seek advice, the more options they'll have,'' says John.

Professional financial advisers can help people identify what sort of retirement lifestyle they want and how to structure their resources to make the most of tax and social security rules and ensure they have a reliable income.

They can provide advice about how and where retirement savings should be put, how to get the most from superannuation and when to retire, as well as how to plan your estate so it's distributed to who you want in the most effective manner.

``You only have one life so make the most of your retirement with help from a financial adviser,'' says John.

To find out more about how to retire successfully, or to attend one of this month's seminars, phone RetireInvest Robina on 5593 0000.

l John Newcomb is an authorised representative of RetireInvest Pty Limited (ABN 23 001 774 125), Australian Financial Services Licence 238429. People should not act on any recommendation without seeking professional financial advice specific to their circumstances.

GCS-20080604-2-134-856671

Document NLGCSU0020080604e4640009m




Consolidation loans - not the easy way out

504 words
22 May 2008
East Kent Mercury
EKENTM
English
Copyright 2008.    Kent Messenger Limited.      

Debt consolidation can seem like an easy way out when the bills get too much. What could be simpler, after all, than rolling all those fiddly direct debits and standing orders into one handy payment each month, so you know exactly how much is going out and on what date?

Debt consolidation can help people to cope with their bills and even avoid going bankrupt. And if repayments on the loan are made promptly each month, a consolidation loan can be used to re-establish a good credit record.

However, debt consolidation loans can be a dangerous. Before you take out a consolidation loan you should understand the difference between secured and unsecured lending and the effect of compound interest

A secured loan, the type usually used for debt consolidation, is one that is linked to your house. The house is the security for the loan so, if you don't make all the repayments, the lender might be able to make you sell your home to pay them back.

This means that a secured loan is riskier for the borrower than an unsecured loan, which is not linked to anything. The worst penalty you face for defaulting on an unsecured loan is to be taken to court. But you should be aware that this might mean in the future you could have trouble getting such things as a credit card, a mortgage or other loan.

Compound interest is interest which is charged on interest that has already been added to a loan. If you do not make your monthly payments in full, you end up paying interest on interest.

How much you pay for a loan in total will be governed by the interest rate and the length of the loan. If you extend the length of your loan, even if the interest rate remains the same as on your previous loans, you will end up paying more back to your lender in the long run.

Debt consolidation loans usually work by bringing your monthly payments down to a level that you feel you can more comfortably afford. But they do this by extending the period of the loan, and making you pay more over the period.

Secured loans are usually offered on a variable rate basis so you could find your repayments soaring if interest rates rise.

So, before you take out a secured loan you should look at other options, including selling valuable items you no longer require, or moving your credit card and store card debt to a card with a lower interest rate.

If you have equity in your home, you could consider remortgaging to release capital as the interest rate on a mortgage tends to be lower than on secured loans.

Remortgaging your house in order to pay off debts does mean that you are securing those debts against your home and as such carries the same risk if you do not keep up the repayments as with a secured loan.

Document EKENTM0020080522e45m0000g




Guardian Financial Pages
Mortgage squeeze tightens after Abbey clamps down on interest-only deals

Rupert Jones      
504 words
29 April 2008
The Guardian
GRDN
23
English
© Copyright 2008.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved.      

Abbey today become the first major high street lender to clamp down on low-cost "interest-only" mortgages by reducing the maximum loan for such deals to as little as 50% of the property's value.

Growing numbers of borrowers have turned to interest-only loans as a way of affording high property prices. Customers pay interest but none of the capital debt.

In late 2006 the Financial Services Authority warned that thousands of homebuyers taking out these mortgages could be putting themselves at risk of repossession because they have little or no idea how they will pay back the loan.

Abbey said interest-only borrowers with "a proven repayment vehicle in place" would be able to borrow up to 75% of a property's value, down from 85%. Those who cannot produce evidence of a repayment vehicle will be limited to 50%. "This reduces the risk to both the customer and to Abbey, and is prudent given ongoing market conditions," a bank spokesman said.

Nationwide yesterday increased the minimum deposit it demands from new borrowers to 10% on all but two of its mortgage products. Britain's biggest building society also halved its maximum loan to pounds 500,000, little more than two weeks after reducing it to pounds 1m.

Nationwide is the latest in a line of banks and building societies to rein in lending in response to the credit crunch. On Saturday Halifax increased some of its fixed and tracker mortgage rates by up to 0.6 of a percentage point.

Nationwide is reducing its maximum loan-to-value ratio from 95% to 90% on all products for new borrowers except its three-year fixed-rate mortgage and three- year tracker, both available to people looking to borrow 95% of a property's value.

Its move will fuel concern that 95% mortgages are under threat; Cheltenham & Gloucester, Alliance & Leicester and Britannia are among other lenders to have capped their maximum loans at 90%.

Halifax is one of the few lenders that still offers mortgages up to 95%, though it charges a higher rate for such loans.

Nationwide also said new customers wanting to take out its standard variable-rate deal, which it calls its "base mortgage rate", will need a deposit of at least 25%, and that this deal will be available only to customers dealing directly with it. It described the moves, which take effect from May 1, as "part of its ongoing approach of managing business in a prudent and sustainable way".

Sean Gardner, at personal finance website MoneyExpert.com, said the biggest struggle for buyers now was not being able to afford a mortgage but getting one. "If you've not got a substantial deposit or equity in your house, then your choices are now severely limited. On average, if you are remortgaging you now need a deposit of 15.5% if you take out a fixed or variable mortgage."

Document GRDN000020080428e44t0005p




City
DOCTOR HAS CURE FOR TRAVEL SICKNESS ROW; ASK THE EXPERTS EDITED BY ABIGAIL MONTROSE

504 words
27 April 2008
The Mail on Sunday
MOSM
79
English
(c) 2008 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved      

TODAY'S experts are PAUL DICKSON of Dickson Insurance Brokers in Watford, Hertfordshire; ROBERT CLIFFORD from national mortgage broker Mortgageforce; and ANGELA MASON at National Savings & Investments. If you have a personal finance query, write to: Ask the Experts, Financial Mail, 2 Derry Street, London W8 5TS. Please do not send original documents.

TELL ERNIE IF YOU WANDER

A. B. writes: I found an old Premium Bond certificate, but as I have moved home several times in recent years I would like to check that National Savings & Investments has my correct address. How do I do this?

A. M. replies: Write to NS&I with details of your name, holder's number, previous and current addresses and moving dates at: Premium Bonds, National Savings and Investments, Blackpool FY3 9YP. NS&I will also check whether you have any outstanding prizes due, but you can do this yourself online at nsandi.com/products/pb/ haveYouWon.jsp.

F. G. writes: My wife and I had to cancel our holiday as I fell ill just before we were due to go. Our travel insurer refuses to pay compensation as I cannot provide a doctor's note. Is there anything we can do?

P. D. replies: All travel insurance policies require you to provide satisfactory evidence in support of a claim. In cases such as yours, a doctor's note confirming you are too ill to travel is usually needed.

But it is not strictly necessary for this letter to be issued at the time you were ill. If your doctor was aware of the illness - perhaps you visited for medication or advice - you could ask the surgery to write a note today. This should refer to the original illness and state that you were unfit to travel.

Most insurers will consider your claim, even if the letter is written after the event.

But in the absence of a doctor's note, I am afraid you will not be able to claim.

T. K. writes: My mortgage deal ends next month and I will still owe £18,000, which I want to pay off as soon as possible.

The new mortgage deals from my existing provider look uncompetitive. Should I look elsewhere?

R. C. replies: Yes. Even though you want only an £18,000 mortgage, most lenders will consider this.

But if you do switch to a new lender, watch out for stinging legal fees and valuation costs and make sure to avoid deals with early repayment penalties.

As the loan amount is small and you plan to repay the debt as fast as you can, you might find your existing lender's standard variable rate - usually fee-free and penalty-free - works out cheapest, but there is no harm in shopping around.

When comparing deals, think about how quickly you intend to reduce your mortgage. Some lenders offer more flexible provisions for monthly overpayments or lump sum repayments.

Document MOSM000020080428e44r00044




No margin for error...

504 words
15 April 2008
Western Suburbs Weekly
NLPWSW
1
2
English
Copyright 2008 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

OPES Prime investors appear to have a we problem.

Thats the stockbroking firm that went bust recently, owing more than $1 billion.

According to Sunday Times financial columnist Noel Whittaker, Opes clients took out an Australian Master Securities Lending Agreement (AMSLA).

It appears most thought they had regular margin loans, whereby the money borrowed to invest in assets was secured by the underlying investments. If their investments fell below a certain level in value, they would expect a margin call. This would signal they needed to top up their investment, which would remain their property.

But in the case of Opes, ultimately the lender actually owned the shares in this transaction. The purchase confirmation letters to clients, according to Whittaker, read We have bought for you...

In other words, we bought, we own. Or at least the ANZ bank did.

AMSLAs aside, Whittaker still has faith in margin lending, which he calls one of the best wealth-building strategies available.

But the Australian Securities and Investments Commission, Australias corporate, markets and financial services regulator, does not share his enthusiasm, noting:

Borrowing money to invest in shares and managed funds using a margin loan is one of the riskiest ways of financing your investments. It can succeed, but understand the risks.

The far shakier Opes with the de rigueur financier running funds in the Caymans and British Virgin Islands still had its champions, including WAs Olympic legend Herb Elliott, who appears to have lost more than $20 million.

The Fortescue Metals Group director was never beaten over a mile, and would probably like to have run a mile from Opes before the wee hit the fan.

We can sympathise to some extent, as human nature dictates that many of us will chase bigger than usual returns, even if they appear unrealistic.

But as Reserve Bank governor Glenn Stevens has noted of mortgage stress the logic can also be applied to other forms of investing particularly among the wealthier.

As you get more affluent, some of the necessities take up a smaller share of income and some of the things you really want take up a larger share, he said.

For those opting for a more expensive home: That is not stress, per se; that is a choice.

For the western suburbs, the messages are mixed. According to ABN Amro economist Kieran Davies, the prestige end of the property market the $5 million to $20 million bracket is thriving.

But property research group RP Data notes that the top end is likely to come under greater pressure if luxury homes cant be sold, particularly when the owner has a hefty share portfolio coupled with a frightening margin call or two.

It comes back to fundamentals, doesnt it? Allow a margin for error. Perhaps have another look at the fine print in your investment contracts. And if you are going to cut investment corners, look out for increasingly big financial vehicles coming rather rapidly in the opposite direction. Oui?

CWS-20080415-002-102065

Document NLPWSW0020080415e44f0001t




BUSINESS
Women still lack financial self esteem      

504 words
7 April 2008
Herald-Sun
HERSUN
1 - FIRST
28
English
Copyright 2008 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

A NEW report about what Australian women think about money shows a reluctance and low confidence to make investments.      

The report, launched by the Financial Literacy Foundation, includes a comprehensive survey of how women describe their abilities, attitudes and behaviour on money issues, such as budgeting, saving, investing and protecting their money.      

``Women are more likely to have time outside the paid workforce and lower incomes, which in the end means less superannuation,'' foundation chairman Paul Clitheroe said.      

``Not only that, women's savings need to go further because they tend to live longer,'' Mr Clitheroe said.      

Generally, many women already have good budgeting and saving habits. However, when it comes to investing, planning for the future and retirement -- all things that allow people to take long-term control of their money -- women say they're not confident.      

Overall, the survey found:      

* More than 70 per cent of women say they're confident with managing money, except for investing (63 per cent), understanding financial language (60 per cent) and ensuring enough money for retirement (60 per cent).      

* Women and men have similar day-to-day money habits but women are more likely to regularly budget for day-to-day finances (women 53 per cent, men 44 per cent).      

* Women are also more likely to invest in their own home (women 64 per cent, men 60 per cent) but less likely to have other investments.      

* More men then women say they understand financial language (women 60 per cent, men 68 per cent) and more men say they can plan for their long-term future than women (women 77 per cent, men 84 per cent).      

Importantly, the report found that women want to learn more about managing their money better.      

``I'm pleased to see that investing, planning for the future and retirement are all areas where women are interested in learning more,'' said Mr Clitheroe.      

``And it's not just important for women, I'd encourage everyone to take control of their long-term financial plans, as well as putting themselves in charge of their money day to day,'' he said.      

For further information contact the Financial Literacy Foundation. As well as the report there is a series of 14 information sheets to help women improve their money skills.      

The information sheets are:1. Your relationship with money.      

2. Starting out.      

3. Managing on a low income.      

4. Money and the single woman.      

5. Managing money in your relationship.      

6. Having a baby?      

7. Teaching your kids about money.      

8. Your money is your business.      

9. Managing money when your relationship ends.      

10. Getting ready for retirement.      

11. Managing money when your partner dies.      

12. How to get good advice about money.      

13. Get to know your super.      

14. What does it all mean?      

For further details contact financial.literacy@treasury.gov.au or      www.understandingmoney.gov.au    .      

* A weekly watch on investment and consumer finance issues. yourmoney@heraldsun.com.au      

DHS-20080407-1-028-138222

Document HERSUN0020080406e44700053




City
BORROWERS TOLD TO ACT FAST OVER MORTGAGES      

BY JIM ARMITAGE AND HUGO DUNCAN      
504 words
4 April 2008
The Evening Standard
NS
28
English
(c) 2008 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved      

Mortgage brokers were today urging homeowners to grab new loan deals now before they are scrapped.      

As the flood of mortgages being pulled extended today to competitively priced products from a range of building societies, advisers said customers were having to move quickly before the most attractive deals disappear.      

Brokers said they were encouraging customers to buy their products sometimes several months in advance.      

Richard Morea of London & Country mortgages said: 'Until recently, the companies would tell us with plenty of notice if they were planning to withdraw a product so we could ring up the client and warn them. Now we don't even get told in advance. It's just gone.'      

As many mortgages are guaranteed for up to six months, customers who think rates are going up can reserve a deal now even if their current mortgage deal does not expire until late summer.      

Morea said: 'What we're saying is, if you like this offer, grab it now even if you don't need it for a few months.'      

In the past two days, more than 570 mortgages have been withdrawn.      

Last night saw Nottingham Building Society pull its buy-to-let two and three-year tracker, while the West Bromwich withdrew all its mainstream and buy-to-let mortgages, replacing them with more expensive options.      

Darlington Building Society also withdrew its fixed products while Skipton announced plans for a £799 fee to its standard variable rate.      

First Direct, the internet and telephone bank owned by    HSBC, this week closed its doors on new mortgages, while Nationwide has jacked up rates for many borrowers, particularly first-time buyers.      

Rob Clifford, of broker Mortgage-force, cautioned: 'Can you rely upon a quote from a lender? The answer is no.      

'Lenders are not obliged to honour quotes and could elect to reject all applications or offer less attractive deals.      

'Consumers haven't got a cast-iron deal unless they have received a formal mortgage offer from the lender.'      

The Bank of England yesterday warned that almost half of all lenders will ration mortgages over the next three months.      

It recently conceded that two interest rate cuts since December, from 5.75% 5.25%, had done nothing to reduce mortgage costs as banks and building societies put up their own rates. The Bank is under growing pressure to cut rates to 5% next week.      

The squeeze on credit by mortgage suppliers - and the prospect of job cuts in the City - is already hitting the housing market. The International Monetary Fund warned British house prices are overvalued by almost 30%.      

Default rates on mortgages are expected to rise sharply this year.      

Philip Shaw of Investec said: 'The situation has deteriorated further and that's consistent with the news over the past few days that mortgage lenders have been raising their rates and withdrawing products.      

'Overall we feel there is a very strong case for rates coming down next week.'      

Document NS00000020080404e4440001o




BUSINESS
Dividing the spoils      

Phil Gostin      
504 words
31 March 2008
Herald-Sun
HERSUN
1 - FIRST
30
English
Copyright 2008 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

Q&A with accountant Phil Gostin      

Q. How do you give your kids money without having to die first?      

A. Assuming the parents have assets, and do not have any pension or concessions that could be affected in any way, it is as simple as realising the asset, paying the tax, (if applicable), and straight through to the keeper. But each situation is different.      

Q. What are the consequences of giving your kids a deposit for their home or pay their kids school fees?      

A. It depends. Firstly, do the parents have the ability to give? Will it impinge on their lifestyle? Will they cope in the event of failing health? The main consequences are effect on pension and tax. But if the parents have a super fund, no Centrelink issues, are retired and aged over 60 their ``drawings'' from funds are tax-free from July 1, 2007. However, if there is a Centrelink consequence, it needs to be looked at to ensure the best outcome.      

Q. Is it better to withdraw lump sums from your super?      

A. Because the goal posts have shifted, once you are retired and over 60 it's tax free -- whether it's taken as a lump or on the drip, is not the issue. The issue is to make it last, be able to give something to the kids if you can, or leave what remains to them.      

Q. What about transferring assets into children's names?      

A. The problem is the potential tax implications. Assuming assets were in the parents' name and post 1985, subject to capital gains tax, and if the parents still have significant income in their names, it might not be a good idea. But if the income is a pension from a super fund (self-managed or otherwise), then the tax may not be as significant.      

Q. What are tax implications?      

A. Tax is tax. Really the cashflow situation is the relevant one. For example, if we do this how much are we going to get? Again, it depends on what assessable income the parents are earning and from where -- ie. Centrelink.      

Q. What are the limits or implications of gifting?      

A. Gifting is only an issue if you have some aged pension benefit. You can only give $10,000 a year. It is important to note that you can give as much as you want but Centrelink will deem your asset base as dropping only by $10,000 a year. So you can give $100,000 but $90,000 is still included in the asset test when calculating the pension.      

Q. Is it wiser to set up a family trust and make distributions that way?      

A. The trust arrangement, first and foremost is about asset protection. It can be used for estate planning, but this ought to be done at set-up. What parents sometimes want to do is give the benefit of the investment without losing control of it.      

DHS-20080331-1-030-597646

Document HERSUN0020080330e43v0002d




INVESTMENT VIEW: Simple truth      

504 words
27 March 2008
Money Marketing
MNYM
44
English
(c) 2008 Centaur Communications Limited or its licensors.      

What did the rest of the year have in prospect, mused the chairman of the curiously named Betelgeuse Investment Funds? Private investors had remained cautious after the bumpy end to 2007 and were still dumping equity funds. Property remained in the doldrums and even that recent saviour of fund sales teams - commodity-based products - had had wobbles recently.      

He couldn't help but wonder if the fund industry had suffered from a similar degree of over-engineering as the world of banking.      

The birth of CDOs, SIVs and, what was that latest acronym he had come across? VIE - that was it - variable interest entities - had contributed to the mayhem that had engulfed the credit market.      

At the time, it had looked like a triumph of ingenuity. The rocket scientists of the investment banks had found a means of taking loans off balance sheet, so even more money could be offered to those eager to borrow. True, the collapse of the sub-prime market would always have been a problem. But would it have been as great if the loans had not been packaged up into these financial products and sold on and on and on...      

In the investment world, the situation was nothing like as dire, but a degree of complexity had crept in that had not been present even a decade back. The growth of hedge funds and the development of their close cousins - the 130/30 fund - had brought investors into a whole new world.      

And then there was the increasing use of derivatives in funds - a comparatively recent option for fund managers.      

He mused on the way in which the regulator had reclassified those investment trusts able to gear their portfolios in the wake of the split-capital trust scandal. Just the ability to borrow money against the underlying portfolio to invest in the market was then viewed as an additional risk factor that needed to be declared. Perhaps the ability to hedge through the futures market should be similarly treated.      

But the good news was that the industry was in remarkable good health. As always, it was performance that sorted out the men from the boys - that and the increasing tendency for good managers to demand a share of the action when managing money.      

Such were the deals available to aspiring Anthony Boltons these days,) it was a wonder that any fund firms made money at all. The chairman returned to the sales figures.      

Perhaps simpler was better, he decided. There were funds that had done well and funds that done badly. But the ones at the top of the table were the straightforward offerings that happened to be in the right place at the right time. Nothing really changes, he thought as he headed for the door. There won't be any of those complex products in my pension fund if I have a say in it, was his passing thought.      

Brian Tora (brian.tora@centaur.co.uk) is principal of The Tora Partnership      

Document MNYM000020080331e43r00026




General
Homebuyers risk paying offbig mortgages in retirement      

ALEISHA PREEDY      
504 words
24 March 2008
The West Australian
TWAU
First
5
English
(c) 2008, West Australian Newspapers Limited      

First-homebuyers in their 30s and 40s who sign up for 40-year mortgages or take interest-only loans run the risk of still owing money on their house when they reach retirement age, warn economists.      

They believe it has become too easy for first-homebuyers to fall into the trap of paying too little off their mortgage with interest-only loans and 30 to 40-year deals.      

The consequences of this may be that they will be forced to use their retirement savings to keep up repayments.      

CommSec chief economist Craig James said homebuyers with interest-only mortgages could be storing up financial problems for the future, especially older first-homebuyers.      

"In the instance of an owner occupied dwelling, you certainly have to do your sums if you're going to go on the interest-only path and not let repayments get ahead of you," he said.      

"With any loan, work out what the repayments are and factor in changes in the housing market and life changes over the years.      

"Fear and greed are basically the two factors which drive human behaviour in terms of the financial market and during the good times people do need to be informed so they don't fall into these traps."      

Mr James said buying a house for the first time could overwhelm people and they should take advantage of all the information and services available to them.      

Mortgage Choice national manager of corporate affairs Warren O'Rourke said homebuyers should not put all their extra money into non-essential items because they risked being in even more debt.      

"If they go interest-only they are not going to reduce their capital at all, which just means they are relying on capital growth to provide them some equity (rather) than making repayments," he said.      

"Many people who buy their first home late also want the lot, and this is a worrying trend as many everyday Australians don't realise how it will affect them later in life."      

Mr O'Rourke said many first- homebuyers fell into trouble while struggling to keep up with social expectations and overestimating their disposable money.      

"There is a lot of talk about mortgage stress in the marketplace but there is not a great deal wrong with a mortgage," he said.      

"When most people are assessed for their mortgage there is a built-in buffer for additional interest rate increases, so for all intents and purposes a couple taking out a loan shouldn't be in financial difficulty if they only have a mortgage.      

"The only time they do is the scenario when they are not happy with the car that sits out the front of the new home, or the furniture inside, so they have a couple of personal loans and max out a couple of credit cards.      

"This is where people fall into a household debt problem, which is hard to break out of, especially when you are a first-homebuyer."      

Document TWAU000020080323e43o0002d




Marshall Loeb's Daily Money Tip
Personal Finance
Four steps to troubleshooting your ailing PC      

Marshall Loeb, MarketWatch      
MarketWatch; mailto:newsroom@marketwatch.com; Marshall Loeb, former editor of Fortune, Money, and the Columbia Journalism Review, writes for MarketWatch.
504 words
13 March 2008
09:30 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2008 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved.      

NEW YORK (MarketWatch) -- If your desktop or laptop is acting up, even if you're not a certified geek, you may be able to cure the problem yourself. In the April issue of Kiplinger's magazine, associate editor Thomas Andersons identifies four ways you can try to repair your PC before spending any money on professional help.      

First stop.      

Do it yourself. Before spending any money, look for help online to remedy your problem. If you have software difficulties, online forums such as Annoyances.org for PCs and Mac-Forums.com for Apple users offer knowledgeable advice. If you believe your problem is hardware-related, call the manufacturer to see if it is covered under the warranty. (To cut through the phone tree and reach a customer service representative, get instructions at Gethuman.com.)      

Next stop.      

Ask for a referral. Training and credentials vary so much that your best bet is to get a recommendation from someone you trust. Then vet the business using complaint records from the local Better Business Bureau, available online at      www.bbb.org    . Before you agree to any service, ask how long the company will guarantee its work and what, if anything, follow-up visits will cost. The technician should give you a free price quote up front. Some repairers charge by the hour (the average rate is $100), and others price by service, such as $200 to install or fix operating system software. House calls cost extra.      

Keep out unwanted intruders on the cheap.      

If your system has slowed to a crawl, the cause may be spyware -- stealth software that, at a minimum, installs itself on your PC to track your Internet usage. Firedog, the repair arm of electronics retailer    Circuit City, charges $99 for in-store spyware removal and $179 for a home visit. The Geek Squad, a computer-repair outfit run by    Best Buy, offers a one-year subscription for $30 to Web-based software that will remove spyware. If you're running Windows XP or Vista, you can download Windows Defender at      www.microsoft.com/downloads     and click on "Windows Security & Updates."      

If you buy a laptop, insure it.      

Consumer Reports estimates that there's a 43% chance your laptop will need repair in the first three to four years. Among the top laptop wreckers: accidental damage and meltdown from a power surge. Those woes are not covered by most manufacturers' extended warranties, including AppleCare. Repairing the screen on an $1,100 MacBook can easily run $400, but laptop insurer Safeware (    www.safeware.com    ) will insure a MacBook against accidental damage for about $70 a year with no deductible.      

If your desktop or laptop is acting up, even if you're not a certified geek, you may be able to cure the problem yourself.|103

Document MRKWC00020080312e43c004s9




PERSONAL FINANCE
BUSINESS
Follow a financial road map when shopping for a new car      

MARSHALL LOEB, MCCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS      
504 words
12 March 2008
The Record
REC
All Editions
B02
English
© 2008 North Jersey Media Group Inc. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All rights reserved.        

NEW YORK It's a great time to buy a car, but applying for a car loan is one of those occasions when your credit record matters most. You have great scores? Car loans are cheap, and carmakers are eager to deal. Bad score? You'll pay and pay.      

MSN Money columnist Liz Pulliam Weston reports that if you plan to get a car loan this year, you're likely to find a warm welcome from car dealers and manufacturers, who are increasingly desperate to revive sagging sales but only if you have untarnished credit. If you have troubled credit, you'll find higher rates, increased scrutiny and warier lenders, but still won't face anything like the trouble you'd experience if you were shopping for a mortgage.      

Some lenders, though, can vary from moment to moment, offering a 0 percent rate as long as you qualify for any financing one month, and giving that same rate only to those with the best credit the next.      

So how can you make sure you get the best possible deal? Weston suggests this four-point strategy:      

1. Do your homework. Research cars and current incentives, such as low-rate financing, cash back or leasing deals, using sites such as    Edmunds.com, Cars.com and Consumer Reports. (CR offers unlimited new-car reports, which include detailed pricing information and reviews, for $39.) Although manufacturers are offering some eye- popping deals on leases right now, keep in mind that buying and keeping your car for 10 years or more makes the most financial sense.      

2. Figure out what you can really afford. No car is a bargain if it upends your financial life. Don't finance a car for more than four years, try to put 20 percent down to make sure you always have some equity in the vehicle and be wary of payments that eat up more than 10 percent of your income.      

3. Get approved elsewhere for the loan. Credit unions, banks and online sites such as E-Loan (eloan.com) typically offer the best rates. Applying for a loan doesn't mean you have to take the money, but it does lock in a rate that you can then take to the dealership. It helps you get an idea of your market value.      

4. Ask the dealership to beat the rate. You'll want to first negotiate all other aspects of the deal, including the price of the car and the value of your trade-in. Only then do you bring out your lender's rate and ask the dealership to do better. The dealership often has access to a slightly better wholesale rate that could knock a quarter of a percentage point off your rate. If so, you can take the dealer financing; if not, go to the lender that has already approved you and get a cashier's check to buy the car.      

Document REC0000020080316e43c0002k


Direction for reform of health care elusive      

Dennison, Mike      
504 words
26 February 2008
The Billings Gazette
BIZ
B1
English
© 2008 The Billings Gazette. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved.      

HELENA - A mix of Montana health industry professionals said Monday that they hope to map out health care reforms for the state that might actually happen - but they're unsure just what to pursue.      

The collection of health care work groups, comprising of people who attended a well-publicized Montana Healthcare Forum in Helena last October, isn't short on ideas.      

But in a three-hour session Monday at Carroll College, the groups weren't ready to agree how to tackle reforms in a state where as many as 170,000 people are without health insurance.      

Possible changes      

In fact, one proposal was to survey Montanans on what possible changes or policies they might support.      

"We need to go into the 2009 Legislature with agreed-upon proposals," said Mike Foster, an executive with St. Vincent Healthcare in Billings.      

Yet Foster said that reforming the health care system is an "incremental process" that can't all be done in a single legislative session.      

Monday's meeting included representatives of hospitals, health insurance companies, consumer and business groups, health clinics, physicians and dentists.      

The meeting comes in the wake of the Montana Healthcare Forum, which was organized primarily by Montana Blue Cross and Blue Shield, the state's largest health insurer, and Carroll College. More than 200 people - most of them health industry professionals - attended the forum last October in Helena.      

Forum organizers have said they hope it will lead to concrete reform proposals to improve the health care system in the state.      

Carroll College President Thomas Trebon kicked off Monday's meeting by saying people don't want to merely "state the issues" on health care problems - they want to talk about solutions.      

Solutions discussed      

Members of the several work groups spoke briefly about solutions they had discussed in earlier meetings this year and late last year:      

* Expanding existing publicly funded or subsidized health insurance programs, such as the Children's Health Insurance Plan, Medicaid, the Montana Comprehensive Health Association and Insure Montana      

* Creating a public fund that will repay student loans for health care professionals that agree to practice in underserved areas of Montana.      

* Spending $1.5 million in public start-up funds for a statewide, computerized health information network on patients, which would save money by creating a data bank to coordinate care and/or drug prescriptions.      

* Push for a focused, well-funded study panel next year that could examine long-term reform proposals for the health care system in Montana.      

Yet the full group didn't seize on any one proposal or proposals, and the smaller working groups agreed to meet again later this spring.      

Mike Schweitzer, a Billings physician, said one thing he hoped to avoid is the fate of many past health care panels or efforts, which studied the issue and ended up with no results.      

"We're hoping that if we have all this energy that we can actually get something done," he said.      

Copyright Billings Gazette Feb 26, 2008

Document BIZ0000020080402e42q00003




FT.com site : Doubts over Conservative pledges. 

Jean Eaglesham, Chief Political Correspondent 
504 words
26 February 2008
Financial Times (FT.Com)
FTCOM
English
(c) 2008 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 

Doubts over how the Tories will fund their flagship tax cut policy have left them "exposed" to charges that they are promising more than they can deliver, experts warned on Tuesday, as the party prepared to unveil more fiscal pledges. 

In the latest in a series of tax-cutting signals intended to bolster relations with the City and core supporters, George Osborne, the shadow chancellor, will on Wednesday announce plans for a "green" tax-efficient individual savings account. 

Mr Osborne will also commission a working group to propose tax breaks for a new green trading market for environmental technology companies. But while the lower taxation rhetoric - this month he declared it was "time for Britain to set the [tax cutting] pace again" - is welcomed by business, questions are being raised over the substance and fiscal adequacy of a central plank of the Tory plans. 

Mr Osborne claims his proposal for a GBP25,000 levy on non-domiciled foreigners will fund his pledge to raise the inheritance tax threshold to GBP1m. But experts warn the Tory levy could raise far less than the party needs if it is to maintain its promised fiscally neutral stance. 

Business backers of the Tories stress that they recognise the electoral appeal of the inheritance tax pledge. 

But it has raised some hackles in the City where it is seen as having given the government the political green light for its own unpopular non-doms tax clampdown. "It's a shame George started this one running," one major Conservative donor told the FT. 

The Conservatives stress their non-doms plan would not involve the disclosure requirements and retrospective taxation that provoked such opposition to the Treasury move. But experts warn the Tory levy could raise far less than the party needs if it is to stick to its pledge to fund fully any tax cuts. 

"There's a dearth of data and a great deal of uncertainty," Graeme Leach, chief economist at the Institute of Directors, said. "It's possible the Tory plan will raise the money [forecast] but there's a distinct possibility it won't." 

The Institute for Fiscal Studies said it was virtually impossible to make accurate forecasts about non-doms because of the lack of reliable information on their numbers and wealth. 

But this shaky foundation was potentially a greater problem for the Tories because of their significantly higher expectations of how much the levy would raise, its director Robert Chote told the FT. "If you're relying on a levy for GBP3.5bn, rather than GBP800m, you're more exposed." 

But the Tories dismissed such concerns, insisting they had "used conservative estimates" that were "all within the margin of error." Alistair Darling has given the Tories more room for manoeuvre, party officials say, since the chancellor's decision to double the inheritance tax limit reduces the additional cost of increasing the threshold to GBP1m - the Tory pledge - from GBP3.1bn to GBP2bn.    

62444042

Document FTCOM00020080227e42q0002h


Financial Adviser: L&G promises 'consistency' in its plan for cautious investors.      

504 words
21 February 2008
Financial Adviser
FADV
English
(c) 2008 Financial Adviser      

On the back of its capital protected investment push,    Legal & General has released a product aimed at cautious investors offering 140 per cent return of any capital growth in the FTSE 100 over its six-year term. Investors in the Growth Investment Plan Plus 12 will gain 100 per cent capital protection at maturity on 5 March 2014.      

The plan takes in an early payment feature, which means the investment could close early if the FTSE grows by at least 15 per cent in its third year.      

Jamie Vale, investment development director for individual wealth for L&G, said: "Our Growth Investment Plan Plus series shows our commitment to provide a consistent flow of value for money, capital protected products to help advisers respond to clients' needs in a timely way.      

"Our aim is to make sure advisers are in a position to place an attractive    Legal & General product proposition to cautious investors, or those who may be nervous about equity exposure, as the opportunity arises.      

"Growth Investment Plan Plus 12 may also be attractive to investors who have not yet used their Isa allowance for 2007/2008 and are looking for the potential for high returns while protecting their initial capital."      

Investment is available as a maxi Isa, mini stocks and shares Isa, for Pep or Isa transfers and direct share investment. The minimum investment is AGBP500, while the maximum investment for maxi Isas it is AGBP7000 and for mini stocks and shares Isas is AGBP4000. There is no limit for Pep or Isa transfers and direct share investment.      

This investment does not take account of dividends that would be available through holding shares directly in the companies that make up the FTSE 100 index. Investors will also receive ordinary shares in the growth investment plus XII sub-fund of Legal & General Protected Investments.      

Paul White, consultant for London-based IFA, Belgravia Insurance Consultants, believes the product could entice those investors who are willing to take a small risk. He said: "Given recent volatility, if investors can be lured out of cash, then this product may well do it. Provided that they still think a FTSE-linked plan will deliver better returns, the ability to give this product an Isa wrapper should prove popular in this tax year."      

However, although capital is protected at maturity, it is not guaranteed. In order to provide the capital protection and stated return, the money is invested with high quality financial institutions with at least an A or A2 financial strength rating. In addition, the plan includes an early payment - or kick out - feature which means that if the FTSE 100 index grows strongly the investment could close early.      

The early payment feature will be activated if the FTSE 100 index has grown by 15 per cent or more at the third anniversary. If activated, the investment will close and there is no option for the investment to continue.      

62424433

Document FADV000020080226e42l0002d




BUSINESS
Account for some payback      

Alexandra Tredrea      
504 words
14 February 2008
Herald-Sun
HERSUN
1 - FIRST
75
English
Copyright 2008 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

THE new year is a chance to begin a new plan in the life of a business.      

It's a good idea to look ahead strategically for growth opportunities.      

A starting point is to examine resources of staff and capital to ensure you are well placed for optimum productivity.      

In football, they call the third quarter the premiership quarter -- and this third quarter of the financial year is, similarly, the chance to ramp up operations.      

When considering capital expenditure, planning and understanding your financial situation is paramount.      

Capital expenditure is money invested in assets which are of a medium to long-term need, such as property, plant and equipment.      

Many businesses are unaware that purchases of computers and office furniture from suppliers can be classified as capital expenditure.      

Ernst & Young managing partner Mark Butcher said businesses needed to be objective when making decisions.      

``Business owners really need to think very carefully when planning ahead,'' Mr Butcher said.      

``They need to work out what are the different things they want to buy, for example they might want to buy a forklift and they might need to buy a computer system.      

``One of the problems with capital expenditure is you spend a large sum of money up front with benefits that flow over time. That can be a drain on cash flow, so the business needs to be robust enough to afford it.''      

Businesses also need to calculate the pay-back time of expenditure.      

``In other words, `how quickly am I going to get my money back'?'' he said. ``For some equipment it might be worthwhile leasing rather than buying.''      

He said whether leasing or buying, it was important to match the financing with the asset.      

``For example, you wouldn't want to take a short-term loan for a long-term asset. This could impact on cash flow and may cause problems if you need to refinance,'' he said.      

He said a common mistake was not realising a business had inappropriate financing until it was too late.      

Institute of Chartered Accountants SME spokeswoman Sue Prestney said no decision on capital expenditure should be made until the effect on profitability and cash flow is considered.      

``Work out how much funding you need and if that's going to give you a return (on your investment).''      

HEALTH CHECK      

Take the time now to conduct a health check of your office operations.      

ORGANISE: Check whether your filing and record keeping systems are up to date.      

SUPPLIES: Make sure consumables in the stationery cupboard and kitchen are topped up.      

COMPUTERS: The big one. Are you up-to-date with anti-virus software, are your files in good shape, is crucial data backed up?      

SPACE: With desktop computers, consider a thin-screen monitor rather than an old-style cathode ray machine.      

WIRELESS: Are you making the most of wireless technology to link computers, printers? Get rid of cable clutter.      

PHONES: Are employees all connected to each other?      

DHS-20080214-1-075-210626

Document HERSUN0020080213e42e0003k




Financial Advisers Prep For Rebates, Tax Credits

By Kristen McNamara 
504 words
6 February 2008
The Wall Street Journal
J
English
Copyright 2008 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

As an economic-stimulus plan with rebates for millions of Americans wends its way through Congress, some financial advisers are making their own plans for communicating with clients.

Rebates and tax credits in the $146 billion bill approved by the House of Representatives last week are meant to spur spending and jump-start the sputtering U.S. economy.

Advisers, however, will suggest recipients use the money to pay down high-interest debt, build up emergency cash reserves and invest in a retirement or college savings account -- in that order.

Financial planners say they have received a smattering of rebate questions from clients so far. Some say they are tracking the bill's progress and will provide guidance to clients if and when legislation is passed.

Many investors who work with financial advisers, particularly those at large Wall Street firms, earn too much to qualify for rebates under the House bill, although those with children might be eligible. And the proposed rebate amounts -- $300 to $1,200 -- aren't large enough to have a significant effect on most investors' financial plans.

But events like the stimulus package create opportunities for advisers to reach out to clients and show they are on top of matters, says Chip Roame, managing principal of Tiburon Strategic Advisors, a financial-services research and consulting firm. For financial advisers seeking to build long-term relationships and assist with clients' wide-ranging needs, frequent contact is key.

"This is a chance to communicate with one's full client base," Mr. Roame says. He suggests sending a short email as soon as legislation is passed with the highlights and suggestions for using rebates.

That is what Rick DeChaineau, a certified financial planner at Secure Choice Financial Planning LLC in Tacoma, Wash., intends to do.

He plans to email details, once they become clear, to clients and the pecking order of saving priorities. He says most of his clients would likely qualify for a rebate.

Mr. DeChaineau says he will also encourage clients to spend a portion of their rebates on a treat such as a dinner out or night at the movies.

Similarly, Troy Von Haefen, a certified financial planner at Von Haefen Financial Management in Nashville, Tenn., says he will likely email clients if legislation is approved and emphasize that rebates are "a great opportunity" to accelerate financial plans.

Ginger Ewing, a senior financial adviser with Ameriprise Financial Inc. in St. Paul, Minn., estimates most of her clients would be eligible for a rebate. She meets with clients at the start of each year and says she expects to include rebates in planning discussions.

For relatively young clients with no debt, adequate cash reserves and time on their side, Ms. Ewing might suggest investing the money in the stock market. Contributing to an individual retirement account is another option, as is contributing to a charity. "If you're looking at this as free money, go do something special with it," she says. 

Document J000000020080206e42600005




Getting early start can bring its own rewards in retirement      

504 words
7 January 2008
Aberdeen Press & Journal
FABP
default
18
English
(c) 2008 The Press and Journal Limited .      

Advances in medicine and improvements in living standards mean we are now living longer than ever before.      

Two-thirds of the people who have ever reached age 65 - in the entire history of mankind - are still alive today.      

Estimates for life expectancy place the average for a man at 80 and a woman at 85.      

All of this is great news for us as individuals. However, before you start dreaming of your long and happy retirement, involving endless games of golf, decades of holidays and extended time with the grandchildren, it's worth considering how all of this is going to be paid for.      

These expectations mean that saving for retirement is now more important and the earlier we start the easier it is to build up an ample pot.      

This gains extra significance when you consider the money saved into a pension between the ages of 20 and 30 could account for half of your overall pension pot by the time you reach 65.      

The reason for this is compound interest; that is, the way in which interest you earn on your money begins to earn significant interest on itself over time.      

The best thing about compound interest is the longer it is left to work, the more impressive the figures become.      

Your contribution rate is not the only factor in achieving a decent pension.      

The assets you choose and their underlying performance, plus the level of inflation, interest rates and therefore annuity rates on the day you retire are all important.      

The good news is that many of these can be planned for with the right advice. However, what this demonstrates very clearly is the earlier you start to think about your pension plans and get on track, the easier things will be.      

The first step towards getting on track is to understand where you are now.      

How many firms have you worked for and left partly-funded pension plans with? How many plans have you taken out yourself? What other provision do you have, such as saving accounts, investment plans, a second house or even your own business?      

Your pension fund may be one of the largest assets you have, but how much is it actually going to pay you? A figure of £10,000 may buy you a five-star trip around the world, but it is not such an impressive figure if you need to plan many years of holidays.      

It is therefore essential that you obtain projections on what you are likely to achieve in retirement and have that related into today's money. You can then determine the shortfall on what you need to retire and what you are actually likely to achieve.      

This would represent the basis for how much you would then need to contribute to obtain your objective at your selected retirement age. The earlier you start the greater the reward.      

Craig Hendry is a director with    Johnston Carmichael Financial Services based in Inverness      

Document FABP000020080108e41700008




Style Weekly: Homes
A taxing issue; Strategies to maximize profits when investing      

Imran Syed      
The Ottawa Citizen
504 words
5 January 2008
Ottawa Citizen
OTCT
Final
I4
English
Copyright © 2008 Ottawa Citizen      

Q: I recently sold some investment real estate and invested the proceeds in a portfolio of mutual funds. I have heard that I should be concerned about distributions? Could you please explain what these are?      

A: A simple explanation would be that distributions occur when some of the previously untaxed profits within the mutual fund portfolio are passed through to the investor. This is of concern as the fund does not pro-rate the distributions based on the time that the investor held the fund, instead all unit holders on the day of distribution are affected.      

Let me give you an example. You hold 100 units of an equity fund and the distribution is $1.50 per unit. You will receive $150, which is taxable, even if the distribution is reinvested. This is of particular concern if you have purchased into the fund recently and now have to pay tax on growth that you didn't earn.      

Remember that after a distribution is paid, the unit price drops, to reflect this payout. So, you haven't made an additional $150, you have simply been taxed on it.      

Distributions are only really an issue for open and corporate accounts, as distributions are sheltered in registered accounts (RRSPs, RRIFs, RESPs).      

Some analysts have advised us that 2007 may be a large year for distributions due to market activity and portfolio turnover. Don't assume that just because your mutual fund lost money this year, it won't pay a distribution.      

Here are some strategies to minimize potential distributions.      

Contact your financial advisor or mutual fund company to receive an estimate of any potential distributions on your open or corporate portfolio and compare this with your current tax position on the fund. For example, one of your funds may be estimating a distribution of $650, while the potential capital gain to switch out is $1,500. Obviously in that case, the lesser evil is probably to hold the fund and take the distribution.      

If the estimated potential capital gain is less than the estimated distribution, then the distribution can be avoided by switching out of the fund before the date that the distribution is paid. Some corporate class funds will allow you to switch within the structure and defer paying any capital gains.      

If the fund is in a loss position (from its adjusted cost base), than selling it will not only avoid distributions but will also allow you to claim capital losses against capital gains.      

Remember to be aware of the superficial tax rule which basically will not allow you to claim the loss if you, your spouse or common law partner buy back into the same fund within 30 days after the date of disposition.      

Imran Syed CFP CFSB is an independent fee based Certified Financial Planner and a Senior Partner with Pallenburg Wealth Management. View previous articles and contact him at      www.feebasedadvisor.ca    .      

Colour Photo: (Money) ;      

Document OTCT000020080105e4150003j




Columnists
Smart Money: Despite higher returns, annuities not safest bet for seniors

Bruce Williams;    Newspaper Enterprise Association      
504 words
30 December 2007
The Commercial Appeal
MMPH
English
Copyright 2007 Scripps Howard Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Dear Bruce: My wife and I have several accounts in different banks. We are in our 80s. One of our insurance agents wants us to take this money and invest in insurance accounts that will double the guaranteed interest payments we are receiving from the banks. We are not sure which way to go. We want to protect our principal. -- T.P., via e-mail

Dear T.P.: The likelihood is that the salesman is trying to persuade you to invest in some kind of annuity. Annuities return a little higher percentage rate, but oftentimes, the salesman (not financial adviser) tends to exaggerate the amount of the return. The annuity is nothing more than a contract between you and a company, and there is a possibility that the company could go broke. I've never been a big fan of annuities, as many readers know. If you were younger, it might be what you are looking for; but in your senior years, there may come a time when you'll need to get at that money -- and most annuities come with heavy early withdrawal penalties.

Dear Bruce: I am wondering whether there is any merit in diversifying my assets among fund families. I currently have 90 percent of my investments in one of the largest fund families and have just received a moderate inheritance. It would be easy to manage all of the money in one place. What are the risks in having all of it in just one fund? -- Reader, via e-mail

Dear Reader: Having a degree of diversification cannot hurt. There are many fine families of funds out there, and since you have most of your assets in one, I would choose a second one that has demonstrated a good performance.

Dear Bruce: I have power of attorney for my father, who has considerable debt. He has asked me to help control his spending. His health is not good. As his power of attorney, will I end up assuming his debt after his death? -- Reader, via e-mail

Dear Reader: Unless you agree or in some way co-sign for his debts while he is here, you have no obligation when he passes away. The fact that you have power of attorney simply allows you to do what the law proscribes with his assets. He should have a will that names his beneficiaries and the way he wishes to distribute his assets. However, before any distribution can be made, the executor is obliged to pay his just debts. If there are insufficient funds to accomplish that, he must go to the courts to determine what percentage of the assets goes to each creditor.

Send your questions to: Smart Money, P.O. Box 2095, Elfers, FL 34680. E-mail to: bruce@brucewilliams.com. Questions of general interest will be answered in future columns. Owing to the volume of mail, personal replies cannot be provided.

Document MMPH000020140505e3cu00h0f




News
Investors paying the price of poor advice      

504 words
8 December 2007
Birmingham Post
BMP
15
English
(c) 2007    Birmingham Post & Mail Ltd      

PERSONAL FINANCE    WILLIAMS DE BROE SINCE 1869      

Investors lured into "turkey" funds managed by big brand fund managers could have lost out on profits of up to £30,000 over the past five years, independent research shows.      

Investors are being persuaded by "seductive" advertising from many high-profile investment houses to put their money into ailing sectors, according to investment data comparison site Moneyspider.com.      

It found that those who had ploughed cash into certain funds run by big brand investment houses - such as Invesco Perpetual,    JP Morgan Fleming, Jupiter, Threadneedle and Aberdeen Asset Management - had suffered below sector-average performance.      

They could have achieved far rosier returns by investing in different funds with the same managers.      

A £5,000 investment in Invesco Perpetual's Latin American fund, for example, would have made £31,035 pounds over the past five years.      

That 620.7 per cent return far outstrips the sector average of 113 per cent.      

But the same sum invested in Invesco Perpetual's struggling North American US equity fund would have returned a paltry £230 pounds - a mere 4.6 per cent rise that grossly underperforms the sector average of 28.1 per cent.      

Similarly, Jupiter's Emerging European Opportunities has risen 525.3 per cent over the past five years, compared with an industry average of 257.5 per cent.      

Its global technology fund though has yielded just 22.1 per cent, below a sector average of 55.8 per cent.      

These ailing funds would, however, have seemed plausible investments five years ago, given the post 9/11 recovery in America and the resurgence of the technology sector following the bursting of the dotcom bubble in the late 1990s.      

Closer to home, Marlborough's special situations fund, which focuses on UK smaller companies, has made a £15,530 profit on a £5,000 investment in the past five years.      

Yet its flagship UK equity growth fund, pushed heavily in a major marketing campaign, has yielded just £2,960.      

"The bigger fund managers have very seductive and powerful marketing campaigns," said Tony Ahearne, a director at Moneyspider.      

"The lesson to be learned is that investors should not be seduced by the multi-million pound marketing muscle of the household name investment houses.      

"Choose the right fund manager - certainly - but make sure you are in the right fund."      

Andrew Gadd, head of research at independent financial adviser Lighthouse Group, said previous studies have shown that up to 90 per cent of investment returns are determined by asset allocation - which depends upon an investor's attitude to risk.      

He said: "Investment reviews should consist of both quantitative and qualitative analysis: qualitative analysis would determine, for example, if past performance was perhaps due to a particular fund manager or investment team who have recently left or that future performance may improve because a new manager has recently joined," he said.      

Choose the right fund manager - certainly - but make sure you are in the right fund      

Tony Ahearne      

Document BMP0000020071208e3c80001t


A Section
Annuities can be distinguishable      

Justin Riney Hub Finances      
504 words
28 November 2007
Treasure Coast Newspapers
TRSCST
Indian River County
15
English
Copyright 2007 Scripps Howard Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved      

Annuities come in many different forms.      

There are immediate and deferred annuities, with both fixed and variable rates. However, whatever the type of annuity, all can be classified as either qualified or nonqualified annuities -- and the distinction is easy.      

Qualified annuities are used in connection with tax-advantaged retirement plans, such as defined benefit pension plans, Section 403(b) retirement plans (TSAs), or IRAs. Premiums for qualified annuities are generally paid with pretax dollars.      

By definition, any annuity not used to fund a tax-advantaged retirement plan or IRA is considered a nonqualified annuity. Contributions to nonqualified annuities are made with after-tax dollars -- premiums are not deductible from gross income for income tax purposes.      

In essence, the products are the same. It is the placement in or out of a retirement plan that distinguishes one from the other.      

QUALIFIED ANNUITIES      

As noted, the cost of a qualified annuity is deductible to the individual or employer (and/or excludable from the income of the individual) at the time of contribution, as would be any tax-advantaged retirement plan investment. When an annuity is in a retirement plan, the rules of the plan govern all tax matters. Specifically, the special tax-deferral advantages of annuities, and the unique tax penalties and tax treatment of annuities at distribution, are superseded when used in a retirement plan by the tax rules governing all investments in such plans. It is for this reason that many financial advisors question the use of deferred annuities in retirement plans.      

Although it is true that the tax-deferral advantage of annuities is redundant in a qualified plan, annuity products may offer other features, such as a guaranteed death benefit, that may make them a viable investment option for a portion of a qualified plan portfolio.      

NONQUALIFIED ANNUITIES      

The rules for nonqualified annuities are different in many respect, because these products are purchased with after-tax money.      

If the nonqualified annuity is partially or fully surrendered, the first dollars out are considered earnings, and all of the earnings are taxed at ordinary income rates. After all of the earnings have been distributed, the remaining portion that represents the original investment in the annuity is received tax free.      

If payments are taken in the form of an annuity payout (i.e., a distribution taken out over a predetermined period of time), a portion of each payment is considered a return of the original investment and is excludable from gross income, and a portion is considered earnings and taxed at ordinary income tax rates. The percentages that are earnings and return of investment are based on the type of payout at the age of the recipient. Note, too, that distributions taken before age 59 are subject to a 10 percent early withdrawal penalty tax on earnings.      

Justin Riney is a financial advisor with    Raymond James & Associates. His columns can be found on YourHub.com. You can visit his Web site at      www.JustinRiney.com    .      

Document TRSCST0020071130e3bs00042




Your Money
Avoid the hangover from festive debt      

504 words
26 November 2007
The Cairns Post
CAIRPO
1
17
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

Hard as it may be, you ll thank yourself later if you don t splurge this Christmas      

RESIST the urge to splurge this Christmas season and "yule" have reason to celebrate, says non-bank lender Resi.      

With the approach of Christmas, the lure of Boxing Day sales and the prospect of another interest rate rise,    Resi Mortgage Corporation suggests households resist splurging on credit cards this festive season.      

Resi consumer advocate Lisa Montgomery said the current economic climate meant families needed to give serious consideration to their financial commitments, before splashing out on lavish Christmas gifts and post?Christmas sales.      

"Christmas is a time of celebration but it can also be a difficult time for many families, trying to juggle the competing financial demands of buying gifts and managing credit card and mortgage repayments," Ms Montgomery said.      

"It's not uncommon for credit cards to get a real workout during this time of the year and card debt can easily spiral out of control if not kept under check."      

Reserve Bank of Australia statistics show credit card debt in Australia was now a staggering $41 billion.      

"This year, I would urge people to take responsibility for their finances and resist overspending on impulse presents or goods that will inevitably place increased pressure on household budgets," Ms Montgomery said.      

"People need to remember that credit cards are the most expensive way to borrow money, with interest rates often double that of a home loan."      

Rather than be swept up in the Christmas spending binge and the sales "mania", people could:      

o Set a budget on how much they can realistically afford to spend, and stick to it.      

o Consider introducing a Kris Kringle-style Christmas.      

o Reduce the Christmas food and drink bill by planning ahead, buying in bulk or asking people to bring a "plate".      

o If you receive your annual bonus at Christmas, rather than blowing it, use it to pay something off.      

o Avoid the pitfalls of using multiple credit cards, including retailer's credit cards, in order to "spread the debt".      

o Ensure you always have enough money to meet your regular financial obligations including their mortgage repayments and other household utilities.      

"If you do decide to bag a bargain at the sales, try to pay off your credit card as soon as possible to avoid high interest rates," Ms Montgomery said.      

"By paying on time you can also avoid hefty late fees and charges, which can erode any savings you made on your original purchase."      

If you do get into financial trouble servicing your credit card debt, contact the card provider to organise a revised repayment scheme.      

Another option is to consolidate the high interest rate credit card debt into one lower rate debt.      

Ms Montgomery suggests people could also do even better by then putting any spare money into their mortgage.      

A mortgage also is a good place to deposit any tax return dollars, she said.      

TCP-20071126-1-017-212628

Document CAIRPO0020071126e3bq00012




Business
TRADING IN STABILITY FOR A HIGHER MARKET RETURN      

John Crudele      
504 words
25 November 2007
New York Post
NYPO
42
English
(c) 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.      

Dear John: I have a 457 retirement plan from which I draw monthly to supplement my pension. It is in a stable income fund. But after seeing the market drop about 1,000 points this month I have been thinking about moving some of my money to a more risky fund for a higher return.      

Are bonds a good place to buy with a down market? My plan has prearranged portfolios - bond, equity, international and small-cap funds. G.M.      

Dear G.M.: Whoa!      

There's something fundamental I don't understand. If you are scared because the Dow Jones industrial average declined by 1,000 points then why would you want something "more risky?" Also, you need to know something about bonds. Just because stocks are going down, doesn't mean bonds will go up in price. Sometimes stocks can go down because of a worsening economy and bonds can go down as well - with interest rates rising.      

A 457 plan, named after the section in the tax code, applies to government workers and people working for nonprofits.      

Jonathan T. Guyton, a financial planner in Edina, Minn., will handle the rest of your question and his first piece of advice is "never, Never, NEVER market-time with money you need to live from!"      

Guyton says you should first calculate how much of the retirement-plan assets you'll need. If the plan is worth $100,000 and you need $400 each month, that's a withdrawal rate of 4.8 percent.      

"That's too high when your money is all in the income fund but not if about 60 percent of it is split between your equity index, small cap and international options," he said.      

That, of course, assumes that all these investment don't go down in price together.      

With that mix, you could withdraw 5 percent to 6 percent a year.      

Dear John: My riding lawn mower broke down on Aug. 22. I have a three-year extended-repair contract with Sears Roebuck that started on March 8, 2007. The contract cost me $787.16. When I called to have it repaired, Sears told me the next available visit was Sept. 21.      

I told the service rep that this was unacceptable. She gave me another number to call. I was bounced from here to there to everywhere but have yet to receive any satisfaction. Could you help by providing me with the CEO's name and address? I'll do the rest myself. B.S.      

Dear B.S.: Here's the information you wanted: Aylwin Lewis, president and CEO, Sears Holdings, 3333 Beverly Rd., Hoffman Estates, Ill., 60179. Phone: 847-286-2500.      

But the real power in the company is investor Edward Lampert. His address is ESL Investments, 1 Lafayette Place, Greenwich, Conn., 06830.      

Send your questions to Dear John, The N.Y. Post, 1211 Ave. of the Americas, N.Y., N.Y., 10036, or john.crudele@nypost.com.        

Document NYPO000020071128e3bp0006b




Quick tips on saving energy and water      

By Jane Bennett Clark    Kiplinger's Personal Finance      
504 words
4 November 2007
Deseret Morning News
DN
English
(c) 2007 Deseret News Publishing Co.      

Here are some energy-saving tips:      

- If you have a water heater built before 2004, wrap it in an insulating jacket (Thermwell, $20 to $30 at      www.amazon.com    ) and save about $30 annually on your water-heating bill.      

- Set your water heater at 120 degrees Fahrenheit. (But before going too low, make sure your dishwasher has a booster heater, which gets the temperature back to 140 degrees, necessary for proper cleaning.)      

- Have your furnace tuned every two years and you'll save about 1,250 pounds of carbon dioxide and 10 percent on your heating bills.      

- For every degree you lower your home's temperature during the heating season, subtract 5 percent from your bill, according to the Alliance to Save Energy (    www.ase.org    ).      

- Use cold water to wash your clothes and save 50 percent of the energy you would otherwise use for hot water. Set your dryer on the moisture sensor, not the timer, and cut energy use by 15 percent.      

- Install light dimmers, which cut electricity use by the same percentage that they lower the light.      

- Put weatherstrip around the frames of your front and back doors and save about $30 per year in energy costs.      

- Wrap precut pipe insulation around exposed hot-water pipes, including pipes traveling through crawl spaces.      

The following tips will help consumers save water:      

- Turn the water off while you brush your teeth. Running the water for two minutes sends 2 gallons of water down the drain.      

- The permanent-press setting on your washing machine uses 5 gallons more per load than the regular setting. Reserve it for clothes that need line-drying.      

- Switch from a bath, which requires 30 to 70 gallons, to a shower, which uses 25 gallons in 10 minutes under a 2.5-gpm showerhead. Then shower shorter.      

- A leaky faucet wastes as much as 2,700 gallons in a year. So fix it already.      

- Run the dishwasher and the clothes washer with full loads.      

- Adjust your lawn mower to the 3-inch setting. Shaggy grass holds moisture longer, requiring less watering.      

- Put a drop of food coloring in the toilet tank. If the color shows up in the bowl, your tank is leaking and you're wasting up to 200 gallons of water a day.      

- Water your outdoor plants in the early morning, before the sun can burn off moisture.      

- Before starting your sprinkler, step on the grass. If the blades spring back, hold off on watering for a day or two. The average lawn needs only one hour of watering a week.      

- Take your car out for a shampoo and rinse. Commercial car washes save up to 100 gallons of water per wash over the do-it-yourself kind, and they often reuse the rinse water, according to The Green Book. Jane Bennett Clark is an associate editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com.      

Document DN00000020071104e3b40000w




Business
Britain's nest egg expected to soar to £1 trillion      

By Nicky Burridge Special Correspondent      
504 words
2 November 2007
Birmingham Post
BMP
English
(c) 2007    Birmingham Post & Mail Ltd      

SAVINGS      

The nation's nest egg could grow to £1 trillion by 2012, according to a survey yesterday.      

Personal savings have nearly doubled since the millennium to stand at £876 billion, according to    Alliance & Leicester.

The bank said yesterday savings had increased at five times the rate of unsecured borrowing - rising by £426 billion since 2000 compared with a £79 billion increase in debt on credit cards, loans and overdrafts.      

It added Britons have £876 billion saved in cash, while they owe just £214.8 billion in unsecured debt.      

The growth in savings levels is set to continue, with 39 per cent of individuals planning to increase the amount set aside over five years.      

Ewan Edwards, head of savings at    Alliance & Leicester, said: "If current growth continues, in the next five years personal cash savings could grow to around £1 trillion."      

The research found two per cent of people think saving is unnecessary, while 39 per cent think it important.      

But one in four have no money set aside.      

Three-quarters of non-savers said they do not have enough spare income to save, while 12 per cent admitted to be being not disciplined enough.      

It found instant access accounts have grown in popularity in five years, with more than half the nation's cash held in them.      

But it said balances in notice accounts have fallen, now accounting for just eight per cent of savings, compared with 23 per cent five years ago.      

At the same time, A&L said, there had been a growth in so-called disciplined savings accounts, which discourage people from dipping into money.      

The number of regular savings accounts, which encourage people to set aside a set amount monthly, has also grown considerably, although they still make up only two per cent of the market in balances.      

The amount held in tax-free cash ISAs has more than doubled in five years, accounting for 21 per cent of savings. A&L expects their popularity to grow, with them accounting for 35 per cent by 2012.      

About 40 per cent of savings are managed online, four times more than five years ago, and internet comparison sites are likely to have a growing influence, making it easier for people to shop around.      

Mr Edwards said: "We expect many of the trends over the last few years to continue, with overall savings balances rising and further growth in tax-efficient savings such as ISAs, instant access accounts and different types of 'disciplined' savings."      

The A&L survey has highlighted a "savings paradox", according to Professor Merlin Stone of Bristol Business School.      

"Households appear to be stretching themselves to meet increased taxation and a rise in the cost of living," he said. "However, perhaps surprisingly, overall savings balances have continued to increase.      

"It seems pressure has fallen on pension contributions. Evidence suggests people in their prime years are saving more cash."      

Document BMP0000020071102e3b200045


MONEY-SMART KIDS
Readers Defend Paying for Grades; Many of you argue that school is a child's job, so good work deserves financial compensation. Here's why I still, respectfully, disagree.      

By Janet Bodnar, Kiplinger Washington Editors          
Kiplinger Washington Editors
504 words
30 October 2007
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2007 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.      

Wow! My column recommending that parents not pay their kids for good grades has generated a flood of e-mail, much of it disagreeing with me.      

For the most part, readers who took the opposing view feel that getting good grades is a child's job, and, like any job, deserves compensation. I loved this droll observation from one reader: "You have to be careful paying for grades. When students become adults, they might think there's a link between excellent work and higher pay."      

As I wrote, paying for grades may work temporarily if things don't get out of control (although one reader assures me that video games work even better). But eventually you'll have to wean kids from external reward to internal satisfaction. And kids need to appreciate that a good education has intrinsic value that will lead to an even bigger payoff in the future.      

In my opinion, going to school isn't so much a "job" that demands a paycheck as it is a child's role in the family. It's my "job" as a mother to plan meals for my family, but I don't expect to get paid (although an occasional "Thanks, Mom" is always nice).      

It also seems to me that learning is a sign of a child's natural growth and development. We don't pay our kids for mastering skills such as tying their shoes or riding a bike, nor should we pay them for learning to read. Plus, performance in school can be influenced by so many other things -- among them a child's basic intelligence, personality traits, home environment and learning style.      

Lots of parents are probably wasting their cash on kids who would have been motivated to get good grades anyway (and for whom a college scholarship would be a more appropriate financial reward). One of my co-workers confessed that she's paying her son, a high school freshman, an "exorbitant" amount for grades, but she suspects his improved performance reflects a desire for a fresh start after a rocky middle-school career.      

I still like the idea of a spontaneous reward, along with a show of parental pride (and, yes, my teenage sons loved it when I told them they did great -- as long as I didn't embarrass them in front of their friends). Even in the workplace, a boost in morale can sometimes mean more than a raise in pay.      

My favorite letter came from a young woman who remembers fondly that her mother promised her dinner at Red Lobster each time she made the honor roll. "Not only did I get my meal (and I loved seafood), but it was also quality time that my mother and I spent together. That was priceless."      

Document KPCM000020071031e3au0002t




Business
Mentor can help make start-up idea a reality;Ask the expert;Money      

504 words
21 October 2007
The Sunday Times
ST
English
(c) 2007 Times Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved      

JT from Loughrea asks: "I freelance full-time from home. I have two young children, aged one and three. I have a great idea for a business and I can see that there is a wealth of support out there for start-ups, but I have such little spare time that I'm clueless as to how to begin my venture.      

"I'm worried the idea will be spotted by somebody else soon. Does anybody have any advice on a manageable way to begin with about half an hour a day? Or should I accept it's impractical?"      

Willie Maxwell, director, InterTradeIreland Acumen programme, replies: "Don't give up. You will always have regrets about a missed opportunity if in time you see somebody else succeeding where you could have.      

"The first thing is to get some further proof that your idea is indeed a great one. There are great ideas and gaps in markets, but that does not always mean that the idea will translate into a profitable reality.      

"Women with young children have greater time demands than other women and most men. Then you also work full-time from home.      

"Any new venture calls for some risk and some investment. The investment you may have to make now is to give up some paid time to add to the half-hour each day that you think you can set aside already.      

"There are many excellent support programmes and organisations to assist start-ups. Your local Galway county enterprise board is an obvious first port of call. One useful service that the enterprise boards offer is the provision of a mentor to high potential projects. This can really help to give focus to an emerging project. However, the drive of the promoter remains the strongest single success factor in any new project.      

"If you are serious about getting started you must invest more time than you are currently giving the project.      

"Check that friends, relations and other contacts place the same value on your idea without revealing the full story. Promoters and inventors can sometimes be guilty of too much 'can do' optimism.      

"Hope is good, but it must not get in the way of some reasoned analysis and measurement that will inform your decisions. You are right to be coy about your idea, but equally you would be wrong to lock it away in case someone steals it.      

Judgment and discretion come in to play here.      

"You have spotted something that others have not cottoned on to. You could have a more expensive or diverting passion such as owning a racehorse or golf. You have that rare appetite to start and run a business. Ireland Inc needs you and more like you."      

nIf you have a question for our experts, log on to      www.enterprisenetwork.ie     (not a member? Register today -it's free) and then click on the "Ask the Expert" button      

(C) Times Newspapers Ltd, 2007        

Document ST00000020071103e3al0008r




Real Estate
Increasing move to `green' funds      

wire
504 words
21 October 2007
Northern Territory News/Sunday Territorian
NORTHT
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

AS WE become increasingly aware of the need to take care of the planet, a growing group of investors is looking beyond financial returns to see how companies make their money.      

There is a growing realisation that making money today is not worth the price of a world that is less able to meet the needs of our kids and their kids.      

In response to this movement, a range of managed funds has sprung up under the banner of ``ethical'' or ``socially responsible'' investments (SRI). On the face of it, these funds have performed well, but if you really want to blend profits with personal principles, it pays to scratch the surface of a fund's portfolio as the ``ethics'' of a professional fund manager may not always match your own.      

Supporters of SRI aim to invest in those industries and companies whose activities are beneficial to the environment or social welfare, while shunning those whose operations damage the planet or have a negative impact on mankind. As a guide, renewable energies would be regarded as a socially responsible investment, while the gambling, tobacco or armaments industries would be seen as a no-no.      

You may come across ethical funds described in various shades of green. A ``dark'' green fund is one that adopts a fairly hard line with asset selection. A ``light'' green fund, on the other hand, will be more flexible about the companies it invests in.      

One of the challenges facing ethical investors in Australia is that our stock exchange tends to be dominated by resource companies.      

That's not to say there aren't plenty of Australian companies that fit the SRI bill.      

AMP recently assessed the returns for 12 of Australia's ethical managed funds and the results compare favourably to the overall market. Over the past five years, for instance, the median return on SRI funds was 19.29 per cent -- a whisker ahead of the 19.22 per cent return for the overall market (as measured by the S&P/ASX 200). SRI funds performed even better over the 12 months to June 30, 2007, earning a median one-year return of 30.21 per cent -- ahead of the 28.66 per cent earned by the overall market.      

It's important to check exactly what each SRI fund is investing in as there are no hard and fast guidelines. A number of SRI funds for example invest in BHP and    Rio Tinto, despite their involvement in uranium mining. There are other funds that invest in companies with gaming interests.      

While I reckon ethical investing has its merits, it's worth pointing out that even though mainstream funds do not have a specific ``ethical'' focus, they should not be classified simply as supporting investments that are socially irresponsible.      

PAUL Clitheroe is a founding director of financial planning firm ipac, chairman of the Federal Government's Financial Literacy Foundation and chief commentator for Money Magazine.      

NTN-20071021-1-021-223859

Document NORTHT0020071022e3al0001d


ASK KIM
Borrow from a 401(k) for College? There are better ways to pay for your children's higher education than to raid your retirement account.      

By Kimberly Lankford, Kiplinger Washington Editors          
Kiplinger Washington Editors
504 words
15 October 2007
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2007 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.      

I am a 43-year-old single mother with three kids. I save aggressively for retirement because I don't know if I'll ever meet and marry a millionaire. If my kids do not get full rides to college, and I need to help fund their college in the next two to eight years, is it wise to borrow money from my 401(k) for the costs?      

You may be allowed to borrow from your 401(k) for college costs, but there are plenty of reasons to avoid it.      

If you leave -- or lose -- your job, you generally have to pay the loan back immediately. If you don't, the loan will be considered a withdrawal. You'll have to pay taxes on the money and may face a 10% early-withdrawal penalty if you leave your job before age 55.      

Just the tax bill alone can be a big hit: If you can't pay back a $10,000 loan after leaving your job, you'll have a $2,500 tax bill if you're in the 25% bracket. The bill grows to $3,500 with an early-withdrawal penalty -- even if the money is long gone. "If you didn't have the money to pay back the loan, chances are that you don't have the money to pay that tax bill, either," says Stuart Ritter, a certified financial planner with T. Rowe Price.      

The money also won't appreciate in your account while you've borrowed it, so you'll give up years of compounding that can make a big difference in your retirement savings.      

If you borrow $20,000 from your 401(k) at age 40 and pay the loan back over three years, you'd end up with more than $166,000 less in your account at age 65 than you would if you didn't borrow the money, assuming you contribute $873 every month and your investments return 8% per year, according to Ritter.      

You have many other options to help pay for college costs. As a single mom with three kids, you may qualify for a good deal of financial aid. See our (    http://www.kiplinger.com/features/archives/2007/02/financialaid.html    ) Everything You Need to Know About College Aid for advice that can help you master the financial aid process. And even if you or your children need to take out some student loans, they'll have more time to pay them back and may qualify to deduct student-loan interest on their tax returns. Your children could even (    http://www.kiplinger.com/columns/ask/archive/2007/q0402.htm    ) get their loans forgiven if they take certain jobs. For more information, see (    http://www.kiplinger.com/magazine/archives/2007/07/college.html    ) The Best Deals on Student Loans.      

Document KPCM000020071015e3af0002t


A Section
Estate planning mistakes can be avoided      

Justin Riney Hub Finances      
504 words
10 October 2007
Treasure Coast Newspapers
TRSCST
English
Copyright 2007 Scripps Howard Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved      

When beginning to plan to leave their property to heirs, people are confronted by the high estate tax rates and rush to utilize sophisticated estate planning techniques to avoid them.      

Yet, there are a few simple details that can frustrate these elaborate plans and are easily avoided. Here are some of the common mistakes to watch out for:      

- Leaving too many assets to a surviving spouse: Leaving all your property to your spouse does avoid estate taxes at the first death due to the unlimited marital deduction. However, such a plan wastes the first-to-die spouse's applicable exclusion amount (previously called the "unified credit"). It is often better to pay some estate taxes at the first death at lower marginal rates.      

- Too much JTWROS property: Titling assets under joint-tenancy-with-right-of-survivorship does avoid probate, yet does not avoid estate taxes. Further, improper titling can frustrate an estate plan because property titled JTWROS goes to the surviving joint tenant regardless of what a will or trust says.      

- Not having a will: Probate property of the decedent will pass under the state intestacy laws at possible increased costs. Personal wishes, whether written or oral, will most likely not be followed in the absence of a will.      

- Improper ownership of life insurance: Most policies are owned by the insured, payable to the insured's estate or survivors and therefore are included in the owner's taxable estate. Policy owners should consider giving policies directly to the beneficiaries or transferring them to an irrevocable trust to avoid a large estate tax bite.      

- Being donor and custodian of a UGMA/UTMA account: Creating and contributing to a UGMA/UTMA account of which you are the custodian will cause the account to be includible in your estate and possibly subject to estate taxes.      

- Not knowing where all the "stuff" is: A scattered estate plan by a secretive decedent may cause some assets to be left uncollected, undistributed and even lost.      

- Naming the wrong executor: The tasks facing an executor are often formidable and demanding in all but simple estates. Spouses and close family relatives are under enough burdens. A professional or trust company is often a better choice.      

- Not periodically updating an estate plan: People don't like to think about dying and therefore want to set up an estate plan and be done with it. However, many economic, health and family changes require revising your estate plan. It's best to work with an experienced financial planner who can help make the necessary modifications.      

Understanding and avoiding these gaffes can make sure that your wishes can be fulfilled and minimize the tax consequences for your heirs. Be sure to work with an experienced financial advisor to help you achieve your estate planning goals.      

Justin Riney is a Financial Advisor with    Raymond James & Associates. His columns can be found on YourHub.com. You can visit his Web site at      www.JustinRiney.com    .      

Document TRSCST0020071011e3aa0005f




Self-employed super      

504 words
10 October 2007
Northern District Times
NORDIS
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

MANY people enjoy the freedom, independence and satisfaction they get from working for themselves.      

But while having no boss means you get to make all the decisions, it also means there's no one else around to sort out your super and insurance.      

``As an employee, you receive a compulsory 9 per cent super contribution from your employer," says Scott Hammond of RetireInvest at Epping.      

``But when you're self-employed, it's entirely up to you."      

And although it's not compulsory to make contributions to your own super, there are significant tax advantages in doing so.      

In the past, self-employed people could not access the same tax deductions on super contributions as employers and were not entitled to the Government co-contribution scheme.      

``But now self-employed people can access the same benefits as everyone else," Mr Hammond said.      

Since July 1, the self-employed can claim a full deduction on concessional contributions up to $50,980 a year. People over 50 can claim $100,000 (until June 2012). They are also eligible for government co-contributions, as long as they satisfy the same eligibility criteria as everyone else.      

``If you earn under $58,000 a year, you may be entitled to claim a co-contribution of up to $1500 on super contributions you do not claim as a tax-deduction," Mr Hammond said.      

Your income for co-contribution purposes will be your assessable income (including any reportable fringe benefits), less the business deductions you're entitled to.      

Since July the amount of after-tax money under 65s can contribute to super has been restricted to $450,000 averaged over three years.      

While those over 65 (and under 75) must satisfy a work test and are only allowed to contribute $150,000 a year.      

``Stricter after-tax contributions mean people are no longer able to make a mad dash to super just before retirement. So the sooner you start contributing the better," he said.      

Of course, for self-employed people, self-managed super may seem like a natural option.      

``SMSFs offer you more flexibility and control over the management of your super,'' Mr Hammond said.      

For example, you can invest your super directly into assets such as shares and real estate. And because you have more control, you can explore attractive estate planning and tax opportunities and manage fund costs more closely.      

``But while SMSFs can have many advantages, they are not the right option for everyone," he said.      

``For starters you need to have at least $200,000 in super for an SMSF to be cost-effective. And even then, the administration and compliance responsibilities may be prohibitive for some people."      

Insurance is another important consideration for self-employed people.      

For further information, contact Mr Hammond on 9869 1800.      

* This article does not consider your personal circumstances and is general advice only. Scott Hammond is an Authorised Representative of RetireInvest Pty Limited (ABN 23 001 774 125), Australian Financial Services Licence 238429.      

NDG-20071010-1-047-280356

Document NORDIS0020071011e3aa0001i




FINANCE
Repossessions to soar on rate hike

By Jessica Bown 
504 words
26 September 2007
The Daily Express
THEEXP
35
English
(c) 2007 Express Newspapers 

Your Money

DEBT advisers are gearing up for a deluge of enquiries from panicked homeowners facing repossession as thousands of cashstrapped borrowers brace themselves for 40 per cent mortgage repayment hikes.

The monthly mortgage repayments of up to 12,000 homeowners will soar by hundreds of pounds in the next few months, as borrowers come to the end of cheap two- and three-year deals, broker Charcol said yesterday.

Those with Halifax's 2005 market-beating two-year fix at 4.29 per cent look set to be among the worst hit. Unless they act now, their loans will be automatically moved to Halifax's standard rate - now 7.75 per cent after a raft of interest rate rises - at the end of this month. This will lift the repayments on a typical £150,000 repayment mortgage from £815 to £1,132 a month.

David Hollingworth of London &Country Mortgages, another broker, said: "Borrowers on such deals face a serious payment shock if they allow their loans to be shifted onto their lenders' standard rates, many of which are now about 8 per cent." "Sub-prime borrowers", who have to pay higher rates due to their poor credit histories, also face huge hikes at the end of current deals, with some specialist lenders pushing rates up to 10 per cent or more.

Add in evidence suggesting many struggling buyers were encouraged to lie about how much they earned when taking out mortgages and secured loans, and it is not hard to see why debt advisers expect repossessions to shoot up.

James Ketchell of the Consumer Credit Counselling Service said: "Repossessions are on the up and we expect this to continue over the coming years. That is why we are opening a specialist repossession advice centre in Leeds." About 14,000 properties were repossessed in the first half of this year, up 30 per cent on 2006, according to the Council of Mortgage Lenders. But advisers expect the toll to rise even more sharply in the wake of the recent credit crunch.

Ketchell said: "People tend to use other forms of debt such as credit cards to pay their mortgages when times are hard. News that lenders such as Barclaycard are cutting credit limits may also trigger a rise in repossessions as a result." Borrowers finding it hard to cover payments are advised to contact their mortgage lender early.

Sarah Miller of Citizens Advice, a nationwide advisory service, said: "We can often help in the later stages but it is much better to inform your lender as soon as you start having any problems." Broker recommendations for those coming off cheap fixed rates include Woolwich's two-year fix at 5.59 per cent, which has a £995 fee and offers free valuation and legal work, and Halifax's two-year tracker deal for existing customers at 0.06 percentage points below base rate - currently 5.69 per cent - which carries a £999 fee. 

Document THEEXP0020070926e39q00021




SURVEY HIGHLIGHTS SAVEAHOLICS      

504 words
7 September 2007
12:49 PM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2007, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

By Nicky Burridge, PA Personal Finance Correspondent      

Nearly half of Britons are regular savers, with one in five people who set money aside claiming they are a saveaholic, research showed today.      

About 48% of people saved money on a regular basis during the three months to the end of August, up from 46% during the previous three months, according to National    Savings and Investments.

At the same time the average amount being saved across the whole population rose to £81.43 a month, compared with £77.55 in the previous quarter, or 6.22% of people's incomes, up from 6.02%.      

The amount set aside increases to an average of £173.73 a month once those who are not saving are stripped out.      

NS&I said it was the first time that all measures of savings had increased since the autumn of 2005.      

It added that the main reason people gave for saving had also changed, with 42% of people saying they were saving for an emergency, replacing saving for a holiday and retirement as the most popular goal.      

One in five regular savers claim they are a 'saveaholic'' and are addicted to setting money aside, while 35% said they felt anxious if they did not save as much as they had planned.      

Just under half of people said they worried if they wasted money or overspent and 42% did not like having to dip into their savings to fund an unplanned purchase when they had been setting money aside for something else.      

About 29% of people even claimed they had turned down holidays and social engagements and put off buying clothes and carrying out home renovations in order to maximise the amount they were able to set aside.      

One in 10 people even said they had not bought presents for people in order to boost their savings, while 8% said they avoided buying rounds of drinks.      

Just over a quarter of people also said they were obsessive about shopping around to get the best deal on a purchase.      

Dax Harkins, senior savings strategist at NS&I, said: 'This result challenges the bleak view of Britain as a nation obsessed with spending and debt, and demonstrates there is a distinct group of British savers who are not only in the black but committed to saving every little penny.      

'It is positive to see that over half of savers say they save a small amount on a regular basis. Even a small effort to save can be rewarding, savers should review the small steps they can take to cut back on spending to make saving sustainable.''      

Women are more likely to be saveaholics than men with 22% of female savers saying they are addicted to setting money aside, compared with 18% of men.      

They are also more likely to worry about overspending at 53%, something just 41% of men feel concerned about.      

:: TNS Phonebus questioned 2,022 people between July 27 and August 5.      

1-MONEY-Saving_56588.TXT

Document PRESSA0020070907e397000vj




News
Your Rights

SUE BENT 
504 words
6 September 2007
Coventry Telegraph
COVEVT
English
(c) 2007 Coventry Newspapers Ltd 

SUE BENT from Coventry Law Centre answers your legal questions

Sue Bent of the Coventry Law Centre answers questions on housing, health and community care, human rights, discrimination, welfare rights, employment and immigration issues.

The centre employs solicitors and experienced paralegals and can represent clients in both court and in tribunal.

Q I have a six-month shorthold tenancy agreement with a private landlord. I have only lived in the house for six weeks. The landlord has told me I have to leave the property because he has not been able to pay the mortgage and the court has granted possession to the mortgage lender. Do I have to leave?

A If your tenancy agreement was entered into after the date the landlord obtained the mortgage, you have no right to stay in the property if the court gives the mortgage lender possession, unless the mortgage lender has done something to recognise you as a tenant, such as accepting rent from you.

If a possession order has been made and the property is not handed over to the mortgage lender, an eviction warrant will be applied for and the court bailiffs will evict anyone who is in the property. You will receive notification of the date of eviction.

If the tenancy agreement was entered into before your landlord obtained the mortgage, you may have an overriding interest and be able to stay in the property and pay rent to the mortgage lender or whoever finally buys the property.

You should seek legal advice and alternative accommodation as a matter of urgency.

Q I had an accident at work about seven years ago. I have never had any problem with my back before that time. After a few weeks my back got worse and it continued to give me a lot of pain. A friend told me I could claim industrial injuries benefit. Is this possible even though the accident happened such a long time ago?

A You can make a claim for Industrial Injuries Disablement Benefit in these circumstances. The main problem may be the fact that so many years have elapsed and there may be a question mark over what caused your medical condition.

The benefit will be paid if the accident to your back causes disablement which can be assessed at 14 per cent or above.

It would be helpful if the accident was registered at your workplace. This may also have been recorded by the benefit office if you claimed Incapacity Benefit at that time. Otherwise, there may even be a doubt as to whether they accept you actually had an accident at work.

The only way you can be certain is to actually make a claim. This would involve having a medical examination at the benefit office.

Industrial Injuries Disablement Benefit counts as income towards meanstested benefit such as Income Support. You may wish to check how such a claim would affect your general entitlement to other benefits by phoning Coventry Benefits Advice Line 76832000. 

Document COVEVT0020070906e3960001t




Rushbrook's pessimism leaves him trailing the pack      

504 words
21 August 2007
Citywire
CWIRE
English
(c) 2007 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved.      

S & P code for assoc. stock..: E:PAC      

Three years ago Edinburgh-based Ian Rushbrook, manager of the £190 million Personal Assets investment trust, became the first manager not running unit trusts to grace the cover of Citywire Funds Insider magazine under the caption 'prophet of doom'.      

He was also the first manager in 34 interviews to be outright bearish and looking for a significant market correction.      

In his interview, under the headline 'splendid isolation', Rushbrook argued, on the basis of a FTSE All-Share index dividend yield of less than 3.2%, that 'there has never been a worse time to invest in equities'.      

While Rushbrook has a fantastic long-term track record, his stance has seen Personal Assets (PAC) investors miss out on double-digit annual returns in equities since Citywire's profile.      

According to Lipper, over the last three years the trust's shares have delivered a total return of 24.71% compared with an average 87.88% from the AIC Global Growth investment trusts sector and total returns of 68.21% and 50.4% on the All-Share and FTSE World indices respectively.      

While the trust outpaced one-month Libid (a proxy for risk-free investment) in each of the last three discrete 12-month periods, it lagged its peer group average and both benchmarks in each of these three periods.      

Despite this significant relative underperformance, it seems Rushbrook still retains the faith of his investors.      

His fund trades at par value compared with an average 7% discount among Global Growth investment trusts. This is undoubtedly partly because his investors are very aware Rushbrook and his family own a major chunk of the trust themselves and share its ups and downs.      

The fund has maintained a high ongoing cash position throughout this period in the absence of 'value' in the market for Rushbrook. While this has led to the underperformance, it also means the trust's returns have been significantly less volatile than either the peer group average (where the trusts are typically geared) or either benchmark.      

Rushbrook is unrepentant and remains cautious on the outlook for UK equities the fund still has a massive 50% liquid position.      

Investors might want to note three years ago Rushbrook said interest rate increases would 'undoubtedly be the catalyst' for a serious market correction but rates were essentially flat until the recent round of five rapid increases, with the possibility of more to come.      

Citywire verdict:      

Citywire expects Rushbrook's trust to continue to achieve its key aims of preserving investors' capital and delivering long-term growth. It currently offers a safer home for investors nervous about the longevity of the bull market who do not want to be completely out of the market and prefer an experienced, independent, intelligent manager to invest on their behalf (or perhaps a counterbalance to more risky investments elsewhere). However, if equities continue their impressive run this trust will undoubtedly be left behind by its rivals once more.      

Document CWIRE00020070822e38l0001f




News
YOUR money: TAKE YOUR DIGITAL PIC      

SHOP TALK      
504 words
15 August 2007
Mirror
DMIRR
English
(c) 2007 Mirror Group Ltd      

Where's the best place to get prints? HIGH STREET BUYER'S GUIDE      

ONCE our summer holidays are over, all we have left are the memories and a set of digital images which need to be printed.      

But with more choice than ever on the high street, its difficult to know who is going to make the best of our shaky shots and provide value for money.      

From supermarkets to DIY kiosks and online services, it has never been cheaper to turn thumbnail snaps into glossy, postcard size photographs.      

More than 30 years ago it would have cost the equivalent of £18 in real terms to have an old-fashioned film with 12 pictures developed.      

Today, it is as little as £1.80 for 10 prints at Asda or Tesco. But just because they charge the same, the print quality may not be identical - you'll be surprised to see how our panel rated them both.      

With help from the experts at consumer watchdog Which? we have compiled a price guide of in-store and online services with a star rating with marks out of five on quality and convenience.      

Out of the 10 surveyed, only Bonusprint came away with the Which? "best buy" accolade.      

Which? says: "Bonusprint was the only service on test to produce excellent prints in dim and bright conditions.      

"The service was easy to use and the software to upload pictures simple and intuitive."      

Here's how they fared:      

TRIED AND TESTED      

REFRESHING FRUITY BEERS      

Becks Green Lemon, 2.5 per cent alcohol, £4.98 (6x330ml)      

Lurid yellow, it had a fullbodied citrus smell and a good head. But only a slight sharpness gave it any semblance of being a grown-up drink and not an alcopop. 4/10      

Cobra Bite with Lemongrass, 4.3 per cent alcohol, £3.74 (4x250ml)      

Slightly sweet like cider. but deliciously smooth and refreshing. Perfect with anything, the king of flavoured beers.      

10/10      

Foster's Twist, 4.5 per cent alcohol, £3.49 (4x330ml)      

A good head, honeycomb colour and lemony aroma. It was like a proper beer with a rounded hops taste and the twist came later. But you might get more flavour sticking a wedge of lime in the neck. 6/10      

Meantime Grand Cru Raspberry, 6.5 per cent alcohol, £1.49 (330ml)      

Certainly lively but the beer and berry fusion was like drinking booze through a sour raspberry bonbon and didn't quite come off. Nice bottle.      

5/10      

WHAT'S NEWS      

THE new Apple iMac has been dubbed the Kate Moss of computers.      

With a skinny screen and ultra-thin keyboard it is a waif compared to predecessors. And it ain't cheap - a 20in model costs from £799. Go to      www.apple.com     for info.      

GOING FIST      

FAG addicts are turning to "quit lit" in their droves since last month's public ban, says Borders. Self-help manuals by Allen Carr and Paul McKenna are top sellers nationwide.      

Document DMIRR00020070815e38f0003e


Insolvency increase blamed on low wages and high home prices      

504 words
10 August 2007
Express and Echo
EXPECH
English
(c) 2007 Express & Echo .      

The number of couples declaring themselves insolvent in the South West has shot up in two years, according to a new study.      

In Exeter alone, 71 couples took out an individual voluntary arrangement to repay creditors last year - up from just 15 in 2004.      

Research by the Manchester Business School for accountancy firm Haines Watts IVA revealed the number of South West couples applying for IVAs as they struggled to cope with spiralling debts increased from 234 in 2004 to a staggering 1,179 in 2006.      

The figures also showed the average level of unsecured debt owed by couples applying for an IVA within England and Wales has increased from £21,000 in 2004 to more than £42,000 in 2006.      

Exeter Citizen's Advice Bureau had 440 inquiries about bankruptcy issues between April 2006 to March 2007, a fall on the previous financial year, when 477 people visited CAB to talk about money problems.      

But inquiries about the issue still make up nearly half - 45 per cent - of the organisation's workload.      

Steve Barriball, director of Exeter CAB, said: "Insolvency is not a massive amount of what we do.      

"It's not registered that there has been a significant increase - but that doesn't mean it hasn't happened.      

"Of those 71, the amount that will have come through here will be relatively few.      

"We attend court every week because they do house repossessions and we are available for people who are due in court.      

"We think we could be on the cusp of an increase but at this moment we are not sure if it's just a blip."      

Figures from the Ministry of Justice reveal that 153 repossession orders were made by Exeter County Court in the first half of this year - up three per cent on the same period in 2006.      

Mr Barriball predicted that couples who have overstretched themselves to get on the housing ladder could struggle in the coming months.      

"Lending is going to become more expensive," he said. "I think there's an assumption there will be a further interest rate rise. It might be a few months after that when we start to see people having difficulties making repayments.."      

Matthew Wald, head of insolvency at Exeter law firm Stephens and Scown, said: "The South West is particularly vulnerable because house prices are high and have been rising out of line with income.      

"A lot of people have been hit by increases in council tax, water and electricity bills. This will affect insolvencies.      

"There has been an enormous injection of credit into the economy. It's very easy to borrow money."      

Meanwhile, the CAB chief puts the reasons for debt down to individual circumstances - usually something significant that has happened in the household.      

"It may be an illness, a bereavement or something like that," said Mr Barriball.      

"Our advice to people is to pay their mortgage - they must pay that, it's the roof over their heads."      

Document EXPECH0020070811e38a00029


COMMENT: Figuring out the benefits of HLCs      

504 words
6 August 2007
Mortgage Strategy
MORTST
English
Copyright: Centaur Communications Ltd. or its licensors 2007.        

Higher lending charges are suitable for the longer term products the government is trying to encourage but they are a complicating factor when it comes to cost analysis, says Katie Tucker      

Since the government announced its intention to support funding for 25- year fixed rates there has been a lot of coverage about such deals currently on the market and their respective features.      

Champions of the Cheshire's 25-year fix cite the early repayment charge- free windows as a benefit, whereas others argue that one-month repayment windows are unlikely to fall at convenient times and so prefer Manchester's deal which is ERC-free after 10 years.      

Some pundits have commented that 25-year rates will not be much help to first-time buyers as interest rates seem to be close to the peak of their cycle, making this a bad time to take out long-term fixed deals.      

Higher lending charges are levied by some lenders above 90% LTV. If 25- year fixes are the answer for first-time buyers, HLCs will often be payable.      

A prominent selling point of lenders such as Nationwide is that they charge higher rates rather than HLCs. This strategy normally does well for lenders, with first-time buyers often opting for shorter term deals. But it is not suitable for longer term rates.      

For lending up to 95% LTV, the Cheshire charges an HLC of 8.8% of the borrowing over 75% which works out at about 1.7% of the total loan, paid as a one-off. Long-term products are one of the rare scenarios in which HLCs are better than tiered interest rates.      

If an extra margin is added to the rate, it hikes the interest that is applied each year, increasing the total over the long term. When lending between 90% and 95%, no lender can hope to compete based on cost over 10 years if they tier rates instead of charging HLCs.      

Consider the following comparison- a rate of 6.39% for a loan up to 90% LTV but 6.79% for an LTV between 90% and 95% means that 0.4% more interest is applied annually for the higher LTV loan.      

Over just 10 years, this equates to an extra 4% interest on a borrower's total loan amount and over 25 years, a whopping 10%. Compare this to a flat HLC policy such as the Cheshire's, at 1.7%.      

While HLCs are arguably a fair way of pricing for high LTV risk, they represent yet another fee that has to be juggled when working out cost in the short term. This is not easy for borrowers to do.      

Regrettably, best buy tables often give rates and arrangement fees but not HLCs, with no incentive for lenders to simplify matters by, say, removing HLCs and pricing risk into arrangement fees instead. While this makes brokers' advice all the more valuable, I can't help but feel for borrowers and their calculators.      

Document MORTST0020070807e3860002w


Investment Adviser: Some risky business.      

504 words
30 July 2007
Investment Adviser
INVADV
English
(c) 2007 Investment Adviser      

One of the most obvious risks for a global fund is driven by its exposure to individual countries. Granted, most funds in the Global Growth sector are reasonably well diversified in this respect.      

The median exposures for the five most heavily weighted countries in the sector are as follows: US (31.9 per cent), UK (12.6 per cent), Japan (9 per cent), France (4.5 per cent), and Germany (4.2 per cent).      

This compares with the MSCI World Index weights as of 30 June: US (47.8 per cent), UK (11.4 per cent), Japan (10.3 per cent), France (5.0 per cent), Germany (4.0 per cent).      

However, there are a handful of Global Growth offerings with notably outsized stakes in individual countries. This does not always imply a higher level of risk, but it is worth a closer look. Possibly the most significant example is Neptune Global Equity.      

As of 30 June, the fund devoted 19.7 per cent to Russia and 15.6 per cent to Hong Kong-listed shares. Looking back to late 2004, the fund held nearly 50 per cent of equities in emerging markets. This is not particularly surprising.      

Manager Robin Geffen runs a bold, concentrated portfolio and has a background in emerging markets. The tactic has worked - the fund has the second-highest return in the sector over the past three years, at 30.3 per cent annualised.      

However, investors here are taking on more risk than in developed markets. There is still significant political risk involved with Russian investments, and emerging market equities in general tend to be much more volatile than their counterparts.      

That is reflected in this fund's standard deviation: it is the sector's second highest over the past three years. Investors need to be careful about putting money here - this is an offering that belongs at the fringes of one's portfolio, not the core.      

GAM Global Diversified is not nearly as risky, but with 32 per cent of equities in the UK and 22.5 per cent in Japan as of 30 April, it is not all that diversified by country and will have considerable overlap with mainstream UK equity funds.      

Rathbone Global Opportunities is also notable, both for its large stake in Canada and for its not-coincidental devotion to energy and materials shares. This is a high-risk strategy and should be treated with caution.      

The Rathbone fund is not the only offering with significant sector risk: New Star Global Equity had roughly 20 per cent of equities in technology shares as of 31 March.      

Henderson Industries of the Future and Henderson Global Care Growth devoted 26.9 per cent and 22.4 per cent of equities, respectively, to the health-care sector as of 30 April.      

None of these bets is necessarily a deal-breaker, but investors need to factor in their risk tolerance, especially when determining how the fund might interact with other holdings in a portfolio.      

57835362

Document INVADV0020070807e37u0001q




Ease in retirement      

504 words
25 July 2007
Northern District Times
NORDIS
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

IF you're over 55 you now have the option of easing into retirement through reduced work hours while supplementing your income from your superannuation.      

The Federal Government has introduced the Transition to Retirement initiative, which offers people 55 and over access to their superannuation while they are still employed.      

Scott Hammond from RetireInvest in Epping said: "This gives mature-age workers the opportunity to access their superannuation as an income stream and scale back their hours of work, creating the possibility of a better lifestyle and transition to the next stage in their life.      

"It is important, however, that people between 55 and 60 check whether they're included, because the preservation age varies slightly depending on the year in which they were born.      

"Instead of leaving the workforce altogether in order to be able to access their superannuation, as in the past, people aged 55 and over can now work part-time and use part of their super savings to supplement their income."      

There are conditions on the rules about access to superannuation benefits so it is highly recommended that people interested in this option seek professional financial advice.      

"For example, access must be in the form of a non-commutable pension or annuity once you reach preservation age," Mr Hammond said.      

"This means you can't draw any lump-sum payments from the pension or annuity, ensuring your super is drawn in a regular and orderly way over the course of retirement."      

Depending on the type of income stream you choose, you may have access to your capital when you have fully retired.      

This legislation is beneficial for people who have changing work patterns.      

"It gives you the flexibility of commencing a pension if you reduce your work hours, but then stopping this pension if your work hours or other income increase again," Mr Hammond said.      

"The pension can recommence at a later date."      

The possibility of stopping a pension and returning the capital to the accumulation phase of your super fund will depend on the type of pension you have selected.      

"This measure will also improve the consistency of income payments during the period approaching retirement as well as in retirement itself," Mr Hammond said.      

"A retiree with a non-commutable income stream will be able either to continue their existing income stream or to roll it over into a new one."      

While many people are keen to stop working, the transition from full-time work to none at all can be a difficult adjustment.      

"Having the option of working part-time is a huge advantage for people wanting to ease into retirement," Mr Hammond said.      

If you'd like to know more about opportunities and rules surrounding the Transition to Retirement initiative, contact RetireInvest on 9869 1800.      

This article does not consider your personal circumstances and is general advice only. Scott Hammond is an authorised representative of RetireInvest Pty Limited (ABN 23 001 774 125), Australian Financial Services Licence 238429.      

[NDG_T-20070725-1-034-320916 ]

Document NORDIS0020070726e37p00012




FRONT PAGE - FIRST SECTION
New life span data threaten pensions. 

By NORMA COHEN and ANDREA FELSTED 
504 words
12 July 2007
Financial Times
FTFT
London Ed2
Page 1
English
(c) 2007 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 

The cost of providing pensions and annuities could soar by billions of pounds after the actuarial profession and its regulator warned that life expectancy was increasing at a rapid rate and estimates of how long people were likely to live in retirement had failed to grasp the pace of change. 

A one-year increase in life expectancy could increase the total UK private sector pensions bill by Pounds 30bn-Pounds 40bn. It could also force life insurers to add Pounds 3bn -Pounds 4bn to their reserves. The projections could wipe out gains in pension scheme solvency that have come about through rising markets and increased provision. 

It is understood that the profession and its regulators have been meeting behind closed doors in recent months with the Pensions Regulator and the Financial Services Authority, both of which have been concerned that the actuarial profession has not been sufficiently robust in insisting that its clients use the latest and most realistic data, even if it raises costs. 

Ned Cazalet, an independent life assurance analyst, said the recognition of longer life for older people was a very serious issue for the industry: "This is like a juggernaut, where the handbrake is on but it is gradually sliding downhill." 

The presidents of the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries, the professional body, yesterday wrote to their members responsible for preparing pensions and insurance valuations, warning them that new data show life expectancy since 2000 has been increasing at a rapid rate and not slowing as had been predicted. 

Widely-used forecasts assume that life expectancy after 65 has either stopped climbing or is increasing slower than a decade ago. But the data show it is rising more sharply. Data last year showed a man born in 1950 who lived to be 65 will on average live to be nearly 90. 

The professional body's Continuous Mortality Investigations Bureau has been warning for months that the table regarded by pensions actuaries as a form of gold standard is producing calculations of future life expectancy for retirees that falls short of actual experience. 

The profession was relatively slow to recognise the dramatic improvement seen in old-age life expectancy during the past decade. In 2000, it revised its 1992 table to incorporate new assumptions that the rapid improvement in life expectancy seen until then would either stop suddenly or tail off over the next 20 years. In fact, life expectancy for older adults has been rising even faster since 2000 than it had been before then. 

Richard Willets, a director at annuities specialist Paternoster, said that the problem of under-estimating longevity was acute in the pensions area where the range of estimates used was far wider. 

Mr Willets said if actuaries used projections that took into account trends over the past 40 years, instead of the current actuarial tables, pension liabilities in the UK were underestimated by about 17.5 per cent.    

20070712L201.036

Document FTFT000020070712e37c00052




PAIR CHARGED IN $1.4M FRAUD      

Dean CALCOTT      
504 words
3 July 2007
The Press (Christchurch)
THEPRE
English
© 2007 Fairfax New Zealand Limited. All Rights Reserved.      

A former army officer and his wife received more than $1.4 million to invest, largely on behalf of army colleagues, but used it for themselves, the Christchurch District Court has been told.      

George Frederick McIntyre, 54, and Jennifer Margaret McIntyre, 38, each face charges of conspiring to defraud and obtaining by deception, brought by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO).      

SFO prosecutor Nicholas Till, QC, told a depositions hearing yesterday that the McIntyres received $1,438,100 to invest for more than 30 clients, but used it for their own businesses and family expenses.      

In February 2004, the McIntyres were adjudicated bankrupt and their companies put into liquidation, leaving many investors unpaid.      

Till told the court George McIntyre retired as an army major in 1992 and became a self- employed insurance agent, assisted by his wife.      

They formed Advance Financial Services Ltd, acting as insurance brokers.      

Other companies in which they were shareholders and directors were G. F. and J.M. McIntyre, Cromac Group Ltd, Cromac Group International Ltd and Cromac Pacific Ltd.      

Their client base was mainly serving or former army personnel.      

Witness Vivian Godfrey told the hearing she was "physically ill" after finding out $60,000 she had invested with the McIntyres, whom she trusted for years as financial advisers, had vanished through their bankruptcy.      

She was forced to refinance a mortgage because she had just bought a car for her husband and was relying on the money to pay for it.      

She had understood the money was in a three-year term invest- ment, with a guaranteed 10 per cent return.      

Having put in a claim with the McIntyres' receiver, she got nothing, Godfrey said.      

Till said the McIntyres travelled to military camps throughout New Zealand, giving financial presentations and promoting themselves as financial advisers and brokers of mortgages, superannuation schemes and insurance.      

Clients often invested with the McIntyres when they received a superannuation payout from the army, Till said.      

"The McIntyres deposited client money into the bank accounts of their companies and into their personal bank account," he said.      

"They took no action by way of investing or managing the borrowed capital to ensure that their companies could repay the capital and interest on the due date."      

Instead, funds in their business bank account were used for day-to- day running of their businesses, and also for personal expenses for themselves and their two children.      

Expenses for the children included rent, vehicles, insurance and items on hire purchase.      

No investments were made on behalf of investors, or purchases of major assets. In the few cases where investors were repaid, repayments came from new investor funds, Till said.      

Their financial position became progressively worse to the point where it was impossible that investors would get their money back, which the McIntyres knew.      

But they kept quiet about it and continued to solicit loans and investments, Till said.      

The hearing, before Justices of the Peace John O'Hara and Percy Acton-Adams, continues today.      

Document THEPRE0020070702e37300005




News
Top 10 tax time tips      

504 words
22 June 2007
Northern Miner
NORMIN
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

IAN Barclay and his friendly staff are ready to assist clients with the lodgement of their 2007 tax returns.      

They have attended the latest training sessions with the Australian Tax Office and the accounting professions so they are up to date with this year's changes to the tax law for individual and business clients.      

To help everyone get the best return they are entitled to Ian Barclay lists the 10 best tips for tax time.      

Ten tips on being prepared for your accountant and getting the best refund possible:      

1 WAGES      

Have you got a payment summary (group certificate) from every one of your employers for the year? Does it also show the allowances and fringe benefits you also received?      

2 CENTRELINK      

If you have received any benefit from Centrelink (apart from Family Assistance) have you got the statement?      

3 INTEREST INCOME      

Have you got your bank statements showing how much interest you earned on your accounts?      

Do not forget term deposits and accounts held in joint names with your spouse or children?      

4 SHARE DIVIDENDS      

Have you got your dividend statements from the companies you own shares in? Most companies pay two dividends each financial year. The franking credits on those dividend statements will help your refund.      

5 CAR USE FOR WORK PURPOSES      

Have you got your log book or diary showing how and when you used your car for work?      

6 WORK TOOLS and CLOTHING      

Have you got the receipts for the tools and clothing bought for work? Some of those purchases may or may not be claimable and your accountant can explain why.      

7 MEDICAL      

Have you got your health fund statement showing your type of membership and the tax rebate you are entitled to? Have you got the receipts for any large out-of-pocket medical expenses?      

8 ZONE and SPOUSE REBATES      

Have you got documents which can show that you spent time in the special western zones?      

Do you know what your spouse and children earned in the year not forgetting their interest and dividends?      

9 TAX NOTICES      

Have you got your HECS or student loan or activity statements showing the amounts you owe or have paid?      

10 NEW CLIENTS      

If you are going to a new accountant for the first time have you got a copy of your last assessment notice (most important) and your last tax return? There may be things in it which carry forward from year to year which will help you if they are not forgotten and left out.      

11 KEEP THE RECEIPTS      

Yes, I know I said 10 tips and this one is number 11, however, the best way of being prepared (and saving on your tax) starts on July 1 and that is to keen all the receipts you think might help your tax return and to bring them to your accountant next time. Keep them in a folder or stick them in an exercise book but keep them.      

[MIN_T-20070622-1-015-079184 ]

Document NORMIN0020070622e36m0000y




Features
MAXIMISE ASSETS Retirement planning Father knows best      

504 words
11 June 2007
The Advertiser
ADVTSR
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

DAVE Harris is the licensee of the Broadway Hotel at Glenelg, and his major investment goal is to build up sufficient assets to ensure a great retirement.      

What was your first investment and how did it go?      

My father convinced me to buy some Bank of New South Wales shares many years ago. They did very well and I thought I was on the road to wealth.      

What is your favourite investment class and why?      

I have bought numerous properties over the years and done well when they were held for a reasonable time.      

What is the best investment advice you have received and who was it from?      

My father told me to go away and work hard, save as much money as possible. I was able to then put a decent deposit down and get into my first hotel. I have always thought it very dangerous to borrow 100 per cent of the purchase price of anything.      

How do you approach investment risk?      

Plenty of research if business-related, or I rely on the advice from my financial advisers for any share or managed investments.      

What has been your best-performing investment?      

My first hotel, the Glanville Hotel, enabled me to fund a terrific lifestyle.      

And the worst?      

Lost $1000 once on an aluminium project that never got off the ground. I've still got the share certificate as a reminder!      

How would you invest $25,000 if you were given it tomorrow?      

I would use it to reduce personal borrowings which are non tax-deductible.      

How do you feel about investing overseas?      

Quite comfortable having invested overseas before. I can see good growth in some overseas countries, namely China and the rest of Asia.      

How do you feel about managed funds?      

I prefer to use them rather than having to make investment decisions myself. Leave it to the experts.      

Do you have your own financial planner?      

I use Lee Virgin and Richard Lovell from Leedam & Partners in Unley.      

Do you make extra repayments off your mortgage?      

Not particularly. Debts are considered very much under control.      

How do you treat your credit card?      

It's paid off every month in full.      

How do you feel about life insurance and disability insurance?      

It was quite necessary when raising a family and covering borrowings but as I got older those purposes diminished and now my assets are used as insurance for my estate planning.      

Do you have a personal finance budget and do you stick to it?      

No I don't have a personal budget but my father (once again) advised me when I was first starting out never to buy something that you couldn't afford. I think there's a lesson in that still today for many young people.      

What's the most extravagant purchase you have made?      

Lashing out on a new four-wheel drive back in 1995. I should have bought a second-hand one instead.      

[ADV_T-20070611-1-063-986116 ]

Document ADVTSR0020070610e36b0004f




Finance;Supplement
Blue chips worth $6bn - INDUSTRY SUPERANNUATION: A SPECIAL ADVERTISING REPORT      

MATP
504 words
30 May 2007
The Australian
AUSTLN
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

THE Industry Superannuation Property Trust (ISPT) portfolio contains some of the bluest of Australia's blue-chip business, retail and industrial real estate.      

If you have ever walked past Defence Plaza in Sydney's Pitt Street, 447 Collins Street in Melbourne, Brisbane's Wintergarden Shopping Centre and Car Park or WA's Russell Park Industrial Estate in Henderson, then you've seen a prime example.      

"We are owned by 26 industry funds and the most common thread that we share with others such as Members Equity are our biggest unit holders, AustralianSuper, CBUS, HESTA, HOSTplus, Vision super and CARE who account for 80 per cent of our investment ownership," said ISPT's chief executive, Daryl Browning.      

"We operate independently of each other but we do cooperate and collaborate and on some specific deals and opportunities where each brings their skills set to the table.      

"Our business is not to grow finds under management, our business is to deliver sustainable returns for investments."      

Mr Browning explained that ISPT only buys real estate that fits their parameters.      

"We have a disciplined three-level process and if we think it can add value, add sustainable levels of returns at an acceptable of risk, otherwise we walk away," he said.      

"In the measure that the industry would use, we have a touch over $6 billion funds under management," Mr Browning added.      

"We are the major and most substantial unit holder in ISTP," said Mark Delaney, ISPT board member, deputy CEO and chief investment officer of AustralianSuper (AS).      

As the man responsible for the AS $25 billion investment portfolio, Mr Delaney manages these investments for the 1.3m members and over 90,000 employers who belong to AS.      

"As an investor, we (AS) think the advantages of ISPT are that it is low cost, has a sole focus on property and the absence of any conflict of interest with regard to any other property activities," he said.      

ISPT is a special purpose vehicle for certain industry superannuation funds to invest in direct property on a low cost basis.      

It invests the superannuation savings of Australian families in property assets.      

According to the ISPT 2006 annual report, the ISPT Core Fund delivered its highest return since inception in 1994, of 15.1 per cent after fees.      

ISPT Core Fund has properties across Australia in the office, retail, industrial, an hotel, car park and service station sectors.      

Its assets at June 30, 2006 stood as a whopping $3.64 billion, comprising: Offices $1,905.5 million; retail $1,238.4 million; industrial $288.7 million and Other $115.6 million. And new assets acquired by ISPT during 2005/06 account for some $293.9 million.      

Top 20: HOSTPlus Superannuation Fund      

Members: 726,440      

Assets: $4,891      

Returns (previous 12 months)      

Capital stable: 7.8%      

Balanced: 11.9%      

Shares plus: 12.9%      

Property: 13.8%      

Aus shares: 20.2%      

Source: SuperRatings      

[AUS_T-20070530-5-006-490019 ]

Photo Table      

Document AUSTLN0020070529e35u0004c




NATIONAL NEWS
HSBC branch's bar on poor angers consumers PREMIER ACCOUNTS. 

By JANE CROFT 
504 words
13 April 2007
Financial Times
FTFT
London Ed2
Page 4
English
(c) 2007 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 

Politicians and consumer groups yesterday rounded on HSBC's decision to close the doors of one of its branches to poorer customers. 

From June, HSBC's branch at Canford Cliffs, near Poole, Dorset, will become a centre for premier banking customers. To qualify, customers must have savings of at least Pounds 50,000, have a mortgage of Pounds 200,000 or have a Pounds 75,000 salary and Pounds 100,000 mortgage with HSBC. People who do not meet these criteria must pay Pounds 19.95 a month. 

Non-premier customers will have to travel one mile to the nearest HSBC branch. 

The move was condemned by John McFall MP, chair of the powerful Treasury Select Committee, who said it "flew in the face" of commitments to financial inclusion. 

"Whilst financial inclusion is the policy of government and banks - this is tending towards exclusion," he said. 

Tony Herbert, of Citizens Advice, said: "We are concerned this is a second-class service for people on moderate incomes." 

Derek French, director of the Campaign for Community Banking, a pressure group, expressed concern that it was the thin end of the wedge: "I am surprised that HSBC are doing this but we are wary about this because others may follow suit." 

Bernadette Fisher, national officer for HSBC at trade union Amicus, said the move would mean ordinary people would have to travel further to get the basic banking service, which would be likely to affect the elderly, less able and the poor the most. 

Kevin Mountford, ofmoneysupermarket.com, said the HSBC move was "a way of segmenting and driving out less profitable customers". 

Analysts say that the industry is already moving towards making customers pay for differentservices. 

First Direct, the telephone and internet banking service owned by HSBC, caused a furore last year when it announced its decision to charge customers Pounds 10 a month if they did not deposit Pounds 1,500 a month or keep that sum in their account. 

HSBC's decision to restrict its Canford Cliffs' branch to wealthy customers comes as banks are under pressure to drive up profits in their retail banking operations. 

In addition, regulators are already probing lucrative revenue streams including penalty charges on current bank accounts. 

Some fear that if regulators demand a reduction in penalty charges, then banks could claw back lost income by charging customers for operating a bank account, auguring the end of free banking. 

Barclays has also opened three London centres just for premier customers but said yesterday that it had never turned an ordinary branch into a premier centre. 

HSBC said staff would still be able to answer inquiries from ordinary customers but would focus on premier products. 

The bank added: "Canford Cliffs serves a small and unique community with an unusually high concentration of Premier customers. 

"With a full service branch just a mile away, we are simply tailoring banking to the communities we serve."    

20070413L204.022

Document FTFT000020070413e34d0004q




PENSION SCHEME QUESTIONS ANSWERED      

504 words
10 April 2007
12:48 PM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2007, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

By Matt Williams, PA Personal Finance Correspondent      

Pension campaigners will stage a demonstration in Wales today over the role of Government in the decline of final salary schemes and the failure of ministers to fully compensate victims of collapsed schemes.      

Q: What is the difference between final salary and money purchase schemes?      

A: Final salary - or defined benefit - plans are traditionally seen as the 'gold standard'' of workplace pension schemes. Retirement incomes are based on a percentage of the employee's salary, dependent on the number of years of service.      

Money purchase - or defined contribution - plans are regarded as less generous and are based on employees putting in a percentage of their salary with employers usually boosting the amount saved through company contributions. The overall size of the fund is dependent on stock market performance with risk borne by the employee not the employer.      

Q: Why have so many final salary schemes closed in recent years?      

A: Since the mid 1990s, final salary schemes have come under increased pressure. The stockmarket crash of the early 2000s wiped millions of pounds off scheme balance sheets, while changes in accountancy rules added to liabilities. On top of this, people are living longer, adding to the amount needed to cover obligations to retired employees.      

Within this context, the decision by Gordon Brown to remove tax credit relief in 1997 - a move that hit pension schemes by £5 billion a year - can be seen as a contributory factor in the decline of final salary schemes.      

Q: What is the likely future of final salary schemes in the UK?      

A: The long-term future for final salary schemes is bleak, with experts predicting that they will die out within a generation. A growing number of companies will turn towards defined contribution schemes - in which staff members pay towards their own pension with top ups from employers - as a cheaper alternative.      

Q: What is meant by a collapse of pension schemes?      

A: Firms that go bust with their pension scheme in deficit can often owe millions of pounds to the fund. It could mean that employees lose some or all of their expected pension through the company scheme.      

Q: What steps have been taken to protect workers who lose out?      

A: Since 2005, employees have been protected by the Pensions Protection Fund (PPF). It protects members of occupational schemes in the case of employer insolvency, when there are insufficient assets to cover pension liabilities.      

The fund provides 100% protection for people above the schemes' normal pension age, with the majority of other members getting 90% of their accrued benefits - capped at £26,050 a year.      

Q: What about members of schemes that wound up prior to 2005?      

A: They may be entitled to compensation from the Financial Assistance Scheme. Help is given to those who are in most urgent need. However, the scheme is less generous than the PPF and not all members of schemes will meet the qualifying conditions.      

1-POLITICS-Pensions-QandA_59157.TXT

Document PRESSA0020070410e34a000v7




PENSION SCHEME QUESTIONS ANSWERED      

504 words
10 April 2007
12:50 PM
Press Association Newswire - Wales
PARNWA
English
(c)2007, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

By Matt Williams, PA Personal Finance Correspondent      

Pension campaigners will stage a demonstration in Wales today over the role of Government in the decline of final salary schemes and the failure of ministers to fully compensate victims of collapsed schemes.      

Q: What is the difference between final salary and money purchase schemes?      

A: Final salary - or defined benefit - plans are traditionally seen as the 'gold standard'' of workplace pension schemes. Retirement incomes are based on a percentage of the employee's salary, dependent on the number of years of service.      

Money purchase - or defined contribution - plans are regarded as less generous and are based on employees putting in a percentage of their salary with employers usually boosting the amount saved through company contributions. The overall size of the fund is dependent on stock market performance with risk borne by the employee not the employer.      

Q: Why have so many final salary schemes closed in recent years?      

A: Since the mid 1990s, final salary schemes have come under increased pressure. The stockmarket crash of the early 2000s wiped millions of pounds off scheme balance sheets, while changes in accountancy rules added to liabilities. On top of this, people are living longer, adding to the amount needed to cover obligations to retired employees.      

Within this context, the decision by Gordon Brown to remove tax credit relief in 1997 - a move that hit pension schemes by £5 billion a year - can be seen as a contributory factor in the decline of final salary schemes.      

Q: What is the likely future of final salary schemes in the UK?      

A: The long-term future for final salary schemes is bleak, with experts predicting that they will die out within a generation. A growing number of companies will turn towards defined contribution schemes - in which staff members pay towards their own pension with top ups from employers - as a cheaper alternative.      

Q: What is meant by a collapse of pension schemes?      

A: Firms that go bust with their pension scheme in deficit can often owe millions of pounds to the fund. It could mean that employees lose some or all of their expected pension through the company scheme.      

Q: What steps have been taken to protect workers who lose out?      

A: Since 2005, employees have been protected by the Pensions Protection Fund (PPF). It protects members of occupational schemes in the case of employer insolvency, when there are insufficient assets to cover pension liabilities.      

The fund provides 100% protection for people above the schemes' normal pension age, with the majority of other members getting 90% of their accrued benefits - capped at £26,050 a year.      

Q: What about members of schemes that wound up prior to 2005?      

A: They may be entitled to compensation from the Financial Assistance Scheme. Help is given to those who are in most urgent need. However, the scheme is less generous than the PPF and not all members of schemes will meet the qualifying conditions.      

1-POLITICS-Pensions-QandA_59163.TXT

Document PARNWA0020070410e34a00004




Features
OVERSEAS SHARES Not investing can be a bigger risk Where the real action is      

anthony KEANE      
504 words
9 April 2007
The Advertiser
ADVTSR
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

TOO few people take a global view when thinking about their share market investments.      

Happy to hold on to the banks, BHP and a handful of other Aussie stocks, they ignore the fact that 98 per cent of the world's share market opportunities lie overseas.      

Lack of confidence in their own knowledge, a previous bad experience in global shares, or fears that investing in overseas companies is too risky may be key factors in staying close to home. But not investing in international shares can be even riskier, because it removes diversification from an investment portfolio.      

Most superannuation funds invest a sizeable amount of their members' money in international shares - typically about 25 per cent for a balanced fund, while for high-growth super funds it can be closer to 35 per cent.      

They do this because international shares should be a core part of a diversified investment portfolio.      

Australia's market has a huge focus on banks and resources but very little in the way of other areas such as technology and car makers. What portfolio doesn't have room for a Microsoft, which spawned the world's richest man in Bill Gates and countless other millionaires?      

What about U.S. oil giant    Exxon Mobil, which alone is worth more than Australia's top 10 combined?      

Or Sony, Toyota, Apple, Coca-Cola, Harley-Davidson, Walt Disney, Shell?      

These are not dodgy speculative stocks. They are among the world's most powerful companies and are the core of many international share portfolios.      

Yet many people still stay away. Let's squash the three factors outlined earlier:      

LACK of confidence can easily be overcome by investing in managed funds, or listed investment companies that can be bought on the stock exchange such as    Platinum Capital or the new Magellan Flagship Fund. These funds employ experts to make decisions on what to buy and sell, and hold a wide variety of stocks.      

BAD investment experiences can happen anywhere, and many people were burnt early this decade when international shares tumbled. However, remember that international shares outperformed Aussie shares many times in the 1990s. And given the Aussie market's recent record-breaking run compared with a more subdued global performance, the law of averages says international shares are overdue for big gains.      

RISK is part of all investing, but what's more risky - holding one Aussie stock or a variety of the biggest companies on the planet?      

Another risk is currency risk - that movements in the Australian dollar can weaken your investment. But with the Aussie dollar trading at US82c, if it drops back to the US50c it was in 2001 the value of a company such as Microsoft rises 40 per cent even if its share price doesn't move.      

It's not wise to inject all your money into international shares.      

It's also not wise to ignore them completely.      

[ADV_T-20070409-1-061-400198 ]

Document ADVTSR0020070408e34900042




Observer Cash Pages
Cash: Savings promise could help the worst off to help themselves: Sonia Sodha welcomes a recently piloted scheme that encourages low earners to save by offering to match their deposits      

Sonia Sodha      
504 words
25 March 2007
The Observer
OB
English
© Copyright 2007.    The Observer.    All rights reserved.      

Low- and no-income earners could benefit from a new scheme that matches their savings pound for pound, following an announcement in the budget.      

Buried in the small print was a promise from the Chancellor to make an announcement this summer on the Saving Gateway, a matched-saving scheme aimed at those on low incomes, which the government is currently piloting.      

The principle of this scheme is simple: people earning below a certain threshold make monthly deposits into an account, and the government tops up their savings after 18 months with an amount ranging from 20p to pounds 1 for every pound saved.      

The scheme recognises that low earners do not find the tax breaks of Isas sufficient incentive to save. Almost half of households with an annual income of less than pounds 10,400 have no savings, compared with less than one in 10 of those earning more than pounds 52,000.      

But low-income households are much more likely to need to dip into savings - they are more likely to face large income drops, and to experience crime. And without savings, some thing as minor as a broken fridge, a large fuel bill during a cold snap or children needing new shoes can upset precarious finances.      

Most mainstream lenders will not do business with poor households. Instead, the choice is often stark: borrowing from doorstep lenders who charge phenomenal interest rates, or going without basics such as food or heating. Having a rainy-day savings pot is therefore an important source of security for the very poor.      

Critics have argued that those with prior savings would exploit the Saving Gateway - or even worse, people might take out expensive loans in order to make deposits. But evidence from the first set of pilots has proved these fears unfounded: less than 0.5 per cent of people borrowed commercially in order to save.      

The pilots were hugely successful: average monthly saving levels almost doubled, the vast majority saved out of their regular income, and the average end balance before the government contribution was pounds 280. These amounts may sound small, but they make a huge difference to a family living on the brink of poverty. And a national scheme would cost around pounds 180m in its first year - just a tenth of what government currently spends on Isas and Peps.      

Promoting rainy-day saving among low-income families can help protect against the spiral of decline that leads to poverty and greater reliance on the state - even saving taxpayer money in the long term. So a Saving Gateway would be good news for us all.      

Sonia Sodha is a research fellow at the progressive think tank Institute for Public Policy Research and co-author of The Saving Gateway: From Principles to Practice, available to buy from      www.ippr.org    .      

Document OB00000020070326e33p0001u




Budget 2007
Tax Measures      

National Post
504 words
20 March 2007
National Post
FINP
English
(c) 2007 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

- The most significant is the new $2,000 child tax credit. As of Jan. 1, 2007, families can claim the new credit for each child under age 18. The tax credit is calculated as $2,000 per child multiplied by the lowest personal income tax rate (15.5%). This works out to a maximum benefit of $310 per child.      

- The budget confirms the previously announced measure of pension income splitting will be allowed.      

- The age credit has been raised $1,000 from the previous $4,066 to $5,066. This provides $155 in extra tax relief for low-income seniors.      

- The public transit tax credit has been extended from monthly passes to include electronic cards and weekly passes.      

- International travellers can now import $400 worth of goods duty- and tax-free after a 48-hour absence, a doubling of the $200 amount that has been in place since 1995.      

- The lifetime capital gains exemption has been raised to $750,000 from $500,000 for small business owners, farmers and fishers. Long-haul truckers can deduct 80%of their meal expenses, up from the previous 50%.      

- The elimination of capital gains tax on donations of publicly listed securities to public charities (announced in the 2006 budget) has been extended to private foundations.      

- Among the more convoluted programs is the Working Income Tax Benefit (WITB) for low-income Canadians. The WITB is a refundable tax credit, with payments starting in 2008. Singles who earn $5,500 or more and have net income below $9,500 will receive the full $500. The $1,000 WITB will go to couples and single parents with family earnings above $3,000 and net income below $21,167. To qualify, you must be 19 or older and not attending school full-time.      

- There is also a WITB disability supplement for low-income working Canadians with disabilities. For singles, the disability supplement is reduced at net income of $12,833 and eliminated at $14,500. For single parents and couples, the supplement is reduced at family income of $21,167 and eliminated at $22,83.      

- The RESP program was also sweetened yesterday. The maximum contribution per child is rising from $42,000 to $50,000. The $4,000 annual limit for RESP contributions has been eliminated.      

- The accompanying Canada Education Savings Grant (CESG) has been boosted from the previous $400 per year to $500.      

- Scholarships and bursaries to elementary and secondary school students are now exempt from federal tax.      

- The "marriage penalty" has been eliminated through a proposal to increase spousal and other amounts to provide up to $209 of tax relief for a supporting spouse of single taxpayer supporting a child or relative. The budget proposes to increase credits for low-income spouses and dependents of single people by raising the amounts from the current $7,581 to the $8,929 basic personal amount. These amounts will grow as the basic personal amount rises with future legislation-- rising to at least $10,000 by 2008.      

Document FINP000020070320e33k0004w




International Real Estate Investing Opportunities Abound as U.S. Market Cools    

504 words
20 March 2007
08:00 PM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2007    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved.    

CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa - (BUSINESS WIRE) - The time to pursue international real estate investing is now.    

Savvy real estate investors know the markets and many can sense the beginning of a cool-down period in the U.S. market. What should the investor do in a situation like this? Some turn to the traditional stock market as one way to continue earning income and growth; but others more wisely look at international investment property options as a way to strengthen their real estate holdings and leverage future opportunities.    

Responding to market demand for international alternatives to the increasingly passe American market, Resinto Property just opened its first office in North America in Cedar Rapids, IA. Founded by successful international investor Charles Denney II, Resinto Property provides more than expected: The company specializes in educating investors on the ins and outs of investing in property internationally. Then, after educating investors, Resinto Property is in the business of buying investment property in the international locations it is certain are set to boom.    

Investors enjoy the best of both worlds: on the one hand they build up a knowledge base in an area of investing that holds tremendous opportunity; on the other hand they are exposed to numerous real estate investing options in areas that offer greater growth potential than current domestic markets. The result? Denney says it best: "we get smarter investors and better properties. All boats rise when the tide rises; it's a win-win scenario."    

Ever heard anything like this? Likely not! Resinto Property enjoys a first-to-market approach in what's bound to be a trend for real estate investing as the domestic market enters a long cool down cycle. While their strategy is not new, the combination of value-added service they offer clients is unprecedented. "Our customers know there's something different. That's why they join us... and that's why they keep coming back for more and more properties," says Denney.    

Denney began investing internationally several years ago. "After seeing me sell my domestic property and traveling a lot, I had friends and family wondering what I was up to, and when I told them, they were determined to learn and invest for themselves," says Denney. "I helped them build up international real estate portfolios. It was clear that there were no trustworthy resources out there to help someone who wanted to break into this type of investing. From there it was a simple, intuitive leap to deciding to start Resinto Property."    

Resinto Property has taken a different approach on real estate investing. Real estate investors who fear the looming U.S. market decline, as well as those who are looking to start investing in real estate, should click to    www.resintoproperty.com  for more information on investment property options and how this company could hold the next investment opportunity for their portfolio.    

Resinto Property Charles Denney, 888-734-8687 contact@resintoproperty.com    www.resintoproperty.com

Document BWR0000020070320e33k00209




Fed:Labor aiming for higher super contributions      

504 words
15 March 2007
Australian Associated Press General News
AAP
English
(c) 2007 Australian Associated Press Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

SUPER By Colin Brinsden      

CANBERRA, March 15 AAP - The federal opposition has vowed to raise personal superannuation contributions and cut red tape if elected to government to ensure adequate retirement income for those missing out on the benefits of recent reforms.      

Labor's treasury spokesman Wayne Swan said in a speech to a Sydney superannuation industry lunch a desirable target for an average wage earner would be a 15 per cent total contribution, including a three per cent contribution of their own.      

Mr Swan said while the government's recent slashing of taxation on super would benefit higher income earners and younger workers who will have time to accumulate greater savings, everyone else needed extra help.      

Labor also soon would announce measures to reduce regulatory red tape and improve consumer awareness and incentives to save, he said.      

Speaking at a separate conference, Secretary to the Treasury Ken Henry says education is helping consumers tackle the complexities of financial markets as they take greater control of their financial decisions, particularly when it comes to superannuation.      

But he said consumers need to be confident and well-informed if they were to take advantage of the opportunities and choices available to them.      

"The Financial Literacy Foundation is playing a key role here by working to raise awareness of the benefits of developing good money management skills and by creating opportunities for all Australians to learn more about money," Mr Henry said.      

He said while product disclosure was aimed at helping consumers, it didn't aid everyone.      

"While the law requires clear, concise and effective disclosure, financial advisers are expanding the documents in an effort to limit potential liability," Mr Henry said.      

"Instead of being empowered by information provided in the product disclosure documents, some consumers may be overwhelmed by detail - disempowered by complexity."      

He said superannuation rules had become so complicated that even he was having trouble understanding them.      

Mr Henry said there were eight or nine different tax treatments that could be used depending on the personal circumstances of the super member.      

"It got beyond me, well beyond me and I have been involved in superannuation for 20 years," Mr Henry said after a speech at the National Consumer Congress in Melbourne.      

Mr Henry said Treasury had noticed a big increase in people seeking professional financial advice that could cost hundreds, sometimes thousands of dollars, and many of whom had only modest superannuation savings.      

"We didn't want to impose that burden on retirees," Mr Henry said.      

He said Treasury wanted to cut through heavy compliance issues.      

After July 1, people would know that employer contributions to their super savings are taxed at 15 per cent and that there will be a 15 per cent tax on super earnings, he added.      

"They will know that when they are aged 60 or more there will no tax issues at all (with their superannuation)," he said.      

"They will never have to fill out a tax form."      

AAP cb/sb/jm/de        

Document AAP0000020070315e33f0053f




Business - Opinion & Analysis
Two funds are better than one      

Max Newnham      
504 words
13 March 2007
The Age
AGEE
English
© 2007 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited.      www.theage.com.au    Not available for re-distribution.      

THE devil is in the detail, it is said. This is definitely the case with how the simpler superannuation regulations will affect payouts from super funds.      

The new regulations mean many people may be disadvantaged if they do not have two superannuation funds by June 30. This will result in super still being complicated and an increase in fees instead of a decrease.      

On July 1, the myriad of super components will be reduced to just two, taxable and exempt. Taxable benefits are effectively those remaining after deducting exempt benefits, which include undeducted contributions and small-business capital gains exempt benefits.      

From July 1, all rollovers, transfers between funds, and lump sum and pension payouts must be done in the proportions of taxable and exempt benefits. This will mean where either a pension is taken, or lump sum payments are made, to a person under 60 a portion will be taxable.      

At present, when a person's superannuation is made up of several components, such as pre-July 1983 benefits, undeducted contributions and taxable contributions, the person can choose which components to have paid out.      

For example, Michael, who is 56 and has $30,000 in undeducted contributions and $70,000 in taxable benefits, can request his super fund to pay out $10,000 on April 1 from the undeducted component that is not taxable.      

From July 1, this will no longer be the case. Whenever there is a rollover or a payout, it must be done proportionally. In the previous example, if Michael made the same request on August 1 this year, the $10,000 would be made up of $3000 in undeducted contributions and $7000 in taxable benefits.      

This will mean people with pre-July 1983 service will not be the only group that should consider taking action before June 30.      

People considering contributing large amounts in undeducted contributions, to benefit from the $1 million undeducted limit, should make these contributions into a different super fund from the one in which they have their taxable benefits.      

People with superannuation in an industry, union, or commercial super fund must make the undeducted contributions to a different fund or a self-managed super fund. People with a SMSF will need to make the contribution to a new SMSF or to a professionally managed super fund.      

People who already have a super fund made up of undeducted and taxable contributions should consider rolling over their exempt benefit into another super fund or into a new self-managed super fund before June 30.      

The benefit is that at 55 they can start an exempt pension from the fund made up entirely of undeducted contributions.      

Another benefit of two funds will be that the fund made up of exempt benefits can be paid upon the death of the member to non-dependent children and no tax will be payable by them.      

max@taxbiz.com.au      

Document AGEE000020070312e33d0007f




Features
Pre-pay takes the headache out of funerals      

nhada LARKIN      
504 words
12 March 2007
The Advertiser
ADVTSR
English
Copyright 2007 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

PRE-PAID funerals are becoming increasingly popular, with more than half a billion dollars invested in funeral funds nationally.      

National consumer group Choice says pre-paid funerals generally attract no greater volume of complaints than any other form of funeral, but those who arrange one should take some steps to protect their family and their investment.      

Few figures are available on the level of investment in pre-paid funeral funds, however a statement released by Lifeplan in 2001 said the company was responsible for $190 million of pre-paid funeral investments in Australia, or about 30 per cent of the national market.      

State president of the Australian Funeral Directors Association Michael Butler said pre-paid funerals had been regulated in South Australia since 1996, which meant funds invested were not held by the funeral director but by an approved funeral fund manager.      

Consumers can choose between a funeral bond, where a certain amount of money is invested but the family could still face charges if the interest on the investment does not cover the service requested, or a fixed-price pre-paid funeral, where the family pays nothing extra.      

Mr Butler, also managing director of Ivan Butler Funerals, said pre-paid funerals were definitely increasing in popularity.      

"People have the peace of mind of knowing the way they want their funeral conducted, that's the way it'll be done," he said.      

"They get exactly what they want and it takes all the financial burden off the rest of the family."      

He also said the funds were made available to other funeral companies if anything happened to the original company that arranged the contract.      

"The funds are all invested in capital guaranteed funds," Mr Butler said.      

While a small number of younger clients had invested in pre-paid plans, it was generally more popular with people in their 60s planning retirement, he said.      

With funerals costing anything from $4500 to $10,000, Choice spokeswoman Indira Naidoo said the key advantage of pre-paid funerals was protection for a family if the main breadwinner died. "The reason people are attracted to pre-paid plans is they think `that's one headache my family won't have to worry about'," she said.      

But she said it was important that people protect their investment by informing someone in their immediate family of the arrangements.      

CHECK POINTS      

WHEN you sign a pre-paid funeral contract:      

* MAKE sure you read and understand your contract and, if necessary, get independent legal advice.      

* THE contract must include investment manager details; the names and addresses of both parties; where the service is to take place; and also an itemised list of costs.      

* ALL contracts can be altered by you and the funeral director through negotiation.      

* GET a copy of the contract - at the time of signing, if possible.      

* KEEP a copy of your contract in a safe place.      

* Source: Office of Consumer and Business Affairs.      

[ADV_T-20070312-1-037-361366 ]

Document ADVTSR0020070311e33c0004b




THE STOCKPICKERS: Rocky Mountain Companies Give Fund Smooth Growth    

504 words
6 February 2007
04:32 PM
Dow Jones Business News
DJON
English
(c) 2007 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.    

By Amy Hoak    

CHICAGO (Dow Jones) -- Young companies poised for growth stand to do well even in a slowing global economy, says mutual-fund manager Barbara Walchli, who keeps her stock search limited to firms based in Rocky Mountain states.    

"Investors are looking for companies that can deliver growth even though the economy is slowing," said Walchli, manager of the Aquila Rocky Mountain Equity Fund (ROCAX) . Over time, the smallest companies in the fund have been some of the biggest contributors to performance, she added.    

The Rocky Mountain region she invests in -- Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah and Wyoming -- is itself brimming with small- and micro-cap firms. That makes it easy for a significant number of emerging-growth companies to make their way into the portfolio, Walchli said. And their small sizes allow her to connect with top-level management for a closer look.    

The fund's class-A shares rose 10.9% in the 12 months through Feb. 2, outpacing its midcap growth category's 6.8% average gain, according to fund tracker Lipper Inc. Its annualized return over three years is 10.1%, lagging its peers' 11.1% gain.    

One of Walchli's favorite holdings is Providence Service Corp. (PRSC) , which banks on the trend of the privatization of social services. Providence contracts with government agencies to provide various services. Notably, the Tucson, Ariz.-based company played a role in helping repair Florida's flawed foster care system, Walchli said.    

"They went in with best practices and went in and cleaned up the system," she said.    

As of Dec. 31, Providence Service made up 0.91% of the fund's portfolio. Shares of the company lost 45 cents on Monday to $21.88.    

Nighthawk Radiology Holdings Inc. (NHWK) is also a favored stock.    

The company's radiologists in Sydney, Australia and Zurich, Switzerland read X-rays for radiology practices and hospitals in the United States. Information is sent electronically from the submitting facilities to an office for reading, thereby reducing the need for onsite analysts -- especially during night hours in the United States. An office in San Francisco is being added as well.    

"This a winning company because, for one, it improves the productivity of the health care system, and over time it's going to help hospitals reduce costs," she said.    

Coeur d'Alene, Idaho-based Nighthawk reflects 1.95% of the fund's portfolio. On Monday, Nighthawk Radiology shares gained 20 cents to $25.97.    

Semitool Inc. (SMTL) of Kalispell, Mont., sits at the base of Glacier National Park and focuses on creating equipment to fabricate semiconductor devices. Semitool makes use of copper in semiconductor production; the material replaces aluminum, Walchli said.    

The company's customers include Cypress Semiconductor and Casio; many other clients are based in Asia and Europe, she said.    

Semitool makes up 1.55% of the fund's portfolio. On Monday, shares of Semitool shed 11 cents to $11.40. [ 02-06-07 0032ET ]    

Document DJON000020070206e3260000b


Investment Adviser: New VCT rules scare investors elsewhere.    

The number of new offerings is being reduced following Treasury tightening of rules    
504 words
5 February 2007
Investment Adviser
INVADV
English
(c) 2007 Investment Adviser    

regulation    

Tighter rules on venture capital trusts have resulted in a sharp reduction in new offerings this year, experts have warned.    

Research by Tax Efficient Review has revealed the number of managers seeking subscription to their VCT shares this tax year has dropped by nearly half compared to last year.    

Only 23 VCTs have so far called for investors' cash this tax year, compared with 48 coming to the market in the 2005/ 2006 tax year - before the government slashed the market caps on companies the vehicles can invest in and reduced the tax breaks available for investors.    

Last year, the Treasury restricted VCT managers to ploughing cash only into those companies with gross assets of AGBP7m, nearly half the level previously permitted. The income tax relief available was slashed from 40 per cent to 30 per cent.    

Tax Efficient Review's poll of the market found this year that Isis, one of the largest VCT managers, had so far failed to raise any funds for its Baronsmead range of generalist VCTs.    

David Thorp, manager of the Baronsmead range of VCTs reckoned the reduction in the tax breaks for the vehicles resulted in about a third fewer managers bringing their wares to market this tax year.    

Mr Thorp said: "There is a big rule book to running VCTs following the changes last April. The change to the gross asset rules has caused uncertainty."    

A quarter of his past VCT deals would not fit in with the new gross asset rules, he said.    

Shane Elliott, head of retail sales for Noble Fund Managers, which is seeking to raise cash for its VCTs this year, said the gross asset test was probably the reason why the larger investment houses turned had their back on the market this year. However, he pointed out: "With the larger houses staying away, this is good news for the smaller funds as the bigger houses did tend to mop up the money."    

The Association of Investment Companies' first annual poll of member VCTs to gauge their views on the issues facing the sector in 2007 also found four out of 10 managers felt the gross assets test would effect some VCT new launches.    

The AIC recently revealed the average amount the sector is predicted to raise this tax year is AGBP183m.    

This picture of the VCT market comes after advisers warned investors who ploughed AGBP520m into VCTs almost three years ago will be disappointed if they try and cash in the vehicle from April onwards.    

Investors who rushed into the VCT market in their droves chasing higher tax breaks three years ago were tied in until April.    

Patrick Connolly, investment manager at the Marlow offices of JS&P Towry Law, said there was no question that come April a significant number of investors who ploughed cash into VCTs three years ago would now be considering moving their money.    

54154933

Document INVADV0020070209e32500001




Smart Money - Markets
There's no stopping the bulls

Richard Hemming      
504 words
25 January 2007
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
55
English
Copyright 2007. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited.      

EQUITIES

The record-breaking run in the sharemarket has left fund managers struggling to find value, but most are not willing to start taking profits just yet.

With only four trading sessions left this month, the benchmark S&P ASX 200 Index is set to chalk up its sixth consecutive month of gains, the longest winning streak since 10 months of positive returns ended in February 2005.

The rampant sharemarket bulls have 6000 in their sights after smashing through 5700 this week thanks to a rejuvenated appetite for resource shares and companies that are vulnerable to a takeover bid by private equity players.

According to Argo Investment's managing director, Rob Patterson, the reporting season, which begins next week, should result in the market going higher.

"I think it's expensive, but it's been expensive for a while and I can't see what's going to stop it. Individual stocks will be affected by their earnings reports, but the profit reporting season as a whole won't make a difference. The market will keep going up."

Net profits for the average company are expected to grow by almost 12 per cent this financial year, according to Citigroup, while resource companies are expected to have earnings growth of about 25 per cent.

The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 Index is up 1.7 per cent this month and received more good news with the release of the latest inflation data that indicated interest rates are likely to be on hold for the next few months at least.

"The CPI figure leads to less speculation of a rate hike and less the belief that consumers and housing won't be under pressure. Everything continues to look rosy for a while," Tyndall Investment Management's head of equities, Bob Van Munster, said.

The inflation data helped the major index rise for the fifth consecutive day on Wednesday, adding 33.8 points to 5768.80 and moving further into record territory. The broader All Ordinaries Index also closed at a record high, finishing up 35 points at 5749.10.

The market's appetite for speculative resource stocks was on display on Wednesday.

Shares in junior copper miner Redbank Mines more than doubled, leaping 11.2¢ to close at 18.5¢ after drill results from its namesake copper project in the Northern Territory.

Mr Van Munster added that the weight of money would continue to push the market higher.

"You have a strong liquidity push in the market locally by super fund tax changes, and speculation about what the Future Fund may do. Globally there are excess savings and there is a liquidity bubble, pushing valuations beyond the comfort zone of fundamental investors."

The industrial market is trading on a one-year forward price-earnings multiple of 16 times, at the upper end of the trading range on historical relativities.

"The earnings growth for industrials doesn't justify current valuations," Mr Van Munster said.

Document AFNR000020111231e31p00ms9


TAX PLANNING FOR LIFE'S EVENTS
Major Illness or Injury    

By Kiplinger Washington Editors        
Kiplinger Washington Editors
504 words
22 January 2007
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2007 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.    

Fighting a major illness or injury can be enormously expensive, but you can find some help in the tax law.    

Medical expense deductions. Although everyone knows medical expenses are deductible, in truth very few taxpayers actually get to deduct them. The catch? You must itemize deductions to write off medical expenses, and only about 25% of taxpayers itemize. And, such costs are deductible only to the extent they exceed 7.5% of your adjusted gross income (AGI). So, if your AGI is $50,000, the first $3,750 of unreimbursed medical expenses don't count. If you, your spouse or your dependent children are facing a major illness or injury, however, you may well surpass the 7.5% threshold. If so, be sure you tote up all your qualifying expenses.    

HSA and MSA distributions. If you have a health saving account or an Archer Medical Savings Account, withdrawals used to pay qualifying medical expenses are tax-free.    

Flexible spending account. Generally, employees are allowed to adjust the amount of salary earmarked for a medical reimbursement account only once a year. If during your open-enrollement season you anticipate higher medical bills in the year ahead, consider increasing the amount of money you set aside. Salary diverted into a reimbursement account and then used to pay medical bills escapes both income and Social Security taxes. There is no legal limit on how much can be set aside, but most companies set a limit of $5,000 or less per year. A $5,000 set-aside that avoids a 25% federal income tax rate and the 7.65% Social Security and Medicare tax would save you more than $1,600. Any state tax savings would make this an even better deal.    

IRA and 401(k) plan payouts. Although using retirement funds for anything other than retirement is generally discouraged, crushing medical bills could force you to tap your account. On the bright side, the 10% penalty that normally applies to payouts before age 59½ is waived to the extent that you have qualifying medical expenses in excess of 7.5% of AGI.    

Disability insurance payments. If your condition results in your receiving benefits under a disability insurance policy, the taxability of the income depends on who paid for the policy. If you paid, the benefits are tax-free. If your employer paid for the insurance, the benefits are fully taxable.    

Damages. If you receive a settlement in a damage suit that includes money for medical expenses you deducted in an earlier year, that amount is considered taxable in the year you receive it but only to the extent that the deduction actually reduced your taxable income for the year you wrote off the expenses. If a settlement includes funds for future medical expenses, the amount is not taxable. Those future medical expenses aren't deductible either until they exceed the amount of the award allocated to future medical care.    

Document KPCM000020070215e31m0002w




Hedge-fund trackers aren't meant to be clones    

By Daisy Maxey    
504 words
27 December 2006
The Wall Street Journal Europe
WSJE
English
(Copyright (c) 2006, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)    

Firms such as Merrill Lynch & Co. and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and a professor at Cass Business School in London have introduced strategies that can be used to track hedge funds or some of the strategies they use -- in effect, offering a passive way to get hedge-fund returns.    

A quick glance at these strategies shows that they may offer returns similar to a hedge fund. But even some of their creators say they aren't meant to be clones, and generally won't closely track a hedge fund's moves. For that reason, George Soros wannabes probably shouldn't lose much sleep over the new index tools as skilled hedge-fund managers aren't about to be replaced anytime soon.    

Still, the new index-based hedge-fund tools may eventually take a portion of the hedge-fund business and drive down fees in the industry.    

There are more than 9,200 hedge funds with over $1.3 trillion in assets. These lightly regulated investment pools have been sought after by wealthy investors and institutions for their supercharged returns. The funds typically charge annual fees of 1% to 2% of assets and managers may receive 20% or more of the investment gains.    

Merrill Lynch this year launched the Factor Index, which is built from six underlying components: the S&P 500, MSCI's EAFE index, MSCI's Emerging Markets Free index, the U.S. Dollar index, the Russell 2000 index and the London interbank offered rate. The firm uses an algorithm to allocate across these six instruments, and the index rebalances monthly, said Steve Umlauf, a managing director in global markets at Merrill.    

Goldman Sachs's Absolute Return Tracker Index uses an algorithm to work out aggregate positions of thousands of hedge funds on a monthly basis, then reproduces their net exposure to various investments. The product is being marketed out of the firm's London office, said Goldman spokesman Michael DuVally.    

In addition, Harry Kat, a professor at the Cass Business School, has launched an online venture called FundCreator, which he says allows investors to create synthetic funds that produce returns with the properties they are looking for. FundCreator allows investors to tailor futures-trading strategies that generate returns with predefined statistical properties, Mr. Kat said.    

Ryan Tagal, director of the hedge-fund group at Chicago researcher Morningstar Inc., said investors who don't want to pay hedge-fund fees, can't meet the bar in terms of investable assets or aren't comfortable with the lack of liquidity may be interested in a vehicle that replicates even 60% to 70% of hedge-fund returns.    

Mr. DuVally of Goldman said that the Absolute Return Tracker is expected to produce a return that broadly resembles hedge-fund return patterns.    

Merrill Lynch's Factor Index has an annual asset management fee below 1%. Mr. Kat said FundCreator charges 0.36% of assets annually.    

License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service

Document WSJE000020061227e2cr0001a


Northampton County bolsters pension account: Retirement Board diversifies plan, hires 4th investment firm.    

By Paul Muschick, The Morning Call, Allentown, Pa.    
McClatchy-Tribune Business News
504 words
23 December 2006
The Morning Call (MCT)
KRTAA
English
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services.    

Dec. 23--In an effort to further protect its $227 million pension account, Northampton County has diversified its portfolio by hiring a fourth investment manager.    

Earlier this month, the Retirement Board hired Vanguard Group of Valley Forge to invest $22 million of the pension holdings into the large cap growth stock market.    

That market includes companies attempting to grow their value, often by reinvesting their dividends instead of paying them out to shareholders. Some of Vanguard's large cap growth holdings include Microsoft Corp., Proctor & Gamble Co. and General Electric Co.    

The Retirement Board also has discussed further diversifying by hiring a real estate investment manager.    

Overall, Northampton County's pension account does not have as many investment managers as other counties, consultant Michael Shone has told the board.    

"You should probably have more," he told them at a meeting a few months ago. "Do I think you should be at five or six? Yes, I do."    

Diversifying the account by dividing it among several investment firms, each investing in a specific type of stocks or bonds, reduces the risk that the account value will drastically drop as the stock market fluctuates. Typically, not all varieties of investments perform poorly at the same time.    

Reducing risk is important to the county's retirees who rely on the pension account, and to property owners whose taxes help support the account annually.    

About $5.3 million in tax money has been budgeted to be added to the pension fund in 2007.    

Vanguard will earn an annual fee of 0.24 percent of the value of the account it manages. At the current value of $22 million, that equates to $52,800.    

The Retirement Board unanimously chose Vanguard from 15 firms that had submitted bids for the work.    

The board chose four semifinalists: Vanguard; INTECH of Palm Beach, Fla.; Merrill Lynch of Plainsboro, N.J.; and Tower Bridge Advisors of Conshohocken.    

Shone's company, Peirce Park Group of West Chester, rated the firms based on their past performance, the size and makeup of their portfolios and standard investment measures.    

Vanguard was among the best in every category, county Fiscal Affairs Director Vic Mazziotti said.    

"On balance, they were the prudent choice," he said.    

Vanguard's fee was the lowest of the 15 firms, with other fees ranging up to 0.75 percent.    

The $22 million that will be invested by Vanguard was taken away from two of the county's other account managers.    

CIM Investment Management will lose $16.5 million of its county portfolio and C.S. McKee will lose $5.5 million, Mazziotti said.    

Shone had recommended earlier this year that the board consider reducing CIM's investments because it had not performed as well as expected.    

paul.muschick@mcall.com    

610-559-2146    

-----    

Copyright (c) 2006, The Morning Call, Allentown, Pa.    

Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News    

Document KRTAA00020061223e2cn0008e




RETIREMENT PLANNING/Save more for the future    

504 words
1 December 2006
Prism Insight
NSGHT
English
© 2006 Prism Business Media Inc. All rights reserved.    

New York City offers its employees a 457 plan and a 401(k) plan to help them save for retirement. More than 127,000 employees take advantage of the benefits, investing a percentage of their pre-tax earnings. When withdrawn, however, the income is taxed.    

Because it can be hard to forecast what future taxes will be, some financial advisors advocate diversifying investments between pre-tax and after-tax accounts. That way, at least one of the accounts will perform better in retirement, regardless of the tax bite.    

New York City officials wanted to offer employees an opportunity to diversify their retirement investments, so this year, they added an after-tax Roth 401(k) to employees' retirement savings options. The plan features are similar to the Roth IRA and the pre-tax 457/401(k), but, unlike those plans, Roth contributions to the 401(k) are made after taxes, and the earnings on the contributions are tax-free when withdrawn as long as the participant is at least age 59 ½ and has had the account for at least five years. Unlike the Roth IRA, the Roth 401(k) has no income restrictions and has much higher annual contribution limits.    

In choosing between the after-tax Roth 401(k) and the pre-tax 457/401(k), participants must decide when they would rather pay taxes. The Roth 401(k), like the Roth IRA, gives participants no tax break now, but participants do not pay taxes when they withdraw funds. If an employee believes that he will be in a lower tax bracket in retirement, the pre-tax 457/401(k) might work better for him, but if he expects to be in a higher tax bracket after he retires, the Roth 401(k) makes better sense.    

To explain the new Roth feature of the 401(k) plan, the city used its existing Web-based software, Personalized Financial Snapshot, a retirement planning tool that helps participants think about their retirement needs. Through its record keeper, Greenwood Village, Colo.-based Great-West Life, the city worked with Corvallis, Ore.-based MoneyTree Software to develop and customize the software to include "Understanding the Roth 401(k)," a program designed to clearly illustrate the differences between pre-tax and post-tax (Roth) investing. The software summarizes the differences and concludes with a discussion on tax treatment. Employees can access the program through the New York City Deferred Compensation Plan's Web site at nyc.gov/deferredcomp.    

Contributions to the Roth started in April, and as of October 30, 2006, 11 percent of all accounts in the 401(k) plan were Roth accounts. New York City received a Leadership Recognition Award in the category of Effective Communication in 2006 from the Lexington, Ky.-based National Association of Government Defined Contribution Administrators (NAGDCA) for the communications program. NAGDCA presents the award annually to sponsors of 401(k), 403(b) and 457 plans to recognize outstanding achievements in effective communication or plan design and administration.    

Document NSGHT00020061223e2c10000t


Young drivers taken for a ride by unscrupulous dealers    

504 words
27 November 2006
Bath Chronicle
BTHC
English
(c) 2006 Bath Newspapers Ltd. All Rights Reserved.    

You're young, you've just passed your driving test and you're desperate to get your first set of wheels.    

However, your lack of credit rating means you are also an unscrupulous car salesman's dream.    

The Trading Standards Institute has warned that young drivers are being taken for a ride by being sold car credit agreements with sky-high interest rates, with many eventually paying more than double the original cost of the car in interest.    

Garages also boost their commission by selling extra credit agreements for expensive warranty and insurance products when the driver would be able to secure a much better deal by shopping around.    

Trading Standards is hoping to highlight the issue during National Consumer Week.    

The organisation's motor expert Peter Stratton said: "All dealers want to secure the best profit they can on each car. Selling extras on credit, including insurance, warranties, breakdown and roadside assistance, is a lucrative sideline.    

"Motorists should never sign anything without knowing exactly what their total payout will be, how much they will owe each month and whether they can get a better deal elsewhere."    

A common trick for salesmen is to offer two loans - one with high interest to cover the deposit and the other to cover the balance.    

The balance is paid off first, leaving the deposit loan to accrue interest.    

Richard Oldfield was careful about selecting the right car and, after scouring the market, the 21-year-old insurance clerk decided on a £7,500 Ford Fiesta. But despite being careful about choosing the best car for his budget, he left the forecourt owing double the cost of the car.    

After realising he couldn't afford the loan, he tried to cancel the agreement.    

He said: "I was pretty shocked when I sat down back at home and realised how much I had to pay back, but I wasn't too worried.    

"When the salesman had seen I was a bit unsure about signing the agreement he advised me I could come back if there was a problem as long as I got in touch within 14 days. As it turned out, that was not the case at all."    

Richard is now attempting to get the agreement wiped out, but is not too confident about his chances of succeeding.    

Trading Standards says that car buyers should follow a standard checklist. Buyers should always shop around for the best deal if they are purchasing the car on credit and make sure any insurance quotes are competitive. They should also check the car's value against trusted price guides, ensure the mileage hasn't been clocked and make sure it has an up-to-date service history.    

Stratton added: "It is vital that all buyers, particularly young motorists, think long and hard before signing any type of credit agreement.    

"Don't expect the dealer to look after your interests."    

Links: You can find cheap loans and insurance at    www.thisismoney.co.uk 

Document BTHC000020061128e2br0000b




BUSINESS
Conveyancing tackles room for improvement      

Katherine Towers      
504 words
6 November 2006
Herald-Sun
HERSUN
English
Copyright 2006 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

LEGAL      

BUYING a house is the biggest investment most people will make.      

So, when it comes time for large amounts of money and the property title to change hands you want confidence in the person who is directing the transaction -- the conveyancer. But, as with all the other hidden costs associated with a property purchase, you also want value for money.      

New laws passed this month have for the first time opened up Victoria's conveyancing market.      

Traditionally, only lawyers have been allowed to carry out the legal work associated with the buying of a house, giving the legal profession a lucrative monopoly and keeping conveyancing costs high.      

And, as the conveyancing industry was not regulated, anybody could walk off the street and set up shop as a conveyancer with no qualifications, no skills, no experience and no insurance.      

It was a recipe for disaster.      

Which is what happened in 2004 when a Geelong conveyancing business collapsed, taking with it $6 million of client's hard-earned stamp duty.      

Under the new laws, conveyancers will now be able to compete with lawyers. That should bring down the cost to home buyers.      

For the first time in Victoria conveyancers themselves will be regulated under the new act.      

So, a person who wants to practice as a conveyancer will have to obtain a licence. They will also have to undertake mandatory professional qualifications and have gained at least 12 months of practical work experience.      

"The increased consumer protections in this new Act will guard against the potential impact of poor conveyancing practices, including financial loss and emotional stress, on Victorian families," said Victorian Consumer Affairs Minister Marsha Thomson.      

"The Bracks Government is ensuring an appropriate balance in regulation to protect consumers while promoting competition in the industry."      

Conveyancers, like lawyers, will now have to show they have not be convicted of an offence involving dishonesty, they must have their trust accounts audited annually and have professional indemnity insurance. They also must disclose to clients all costs and commissions received.      

They will also have to contribute to a fidelity fund, similar to that run for lawyers, to help compensate consumers who lose money to fraudulent conveyancers.      

The conveyancing industry is happy with the changes. They claim it will force out the shysters who give some conveyancers a bad name. They also argue it will enable a smoother work flow because they will no longer have to involve lawyers for the legal work.      

But the legal industry, through the Law Institute of Victoria, lobbied hard to maintain their monopoly on legal work.      

It is understandable because high-turnover conveyancing work is lucrative for many smaller to middle-sized law firms.      

The law institute warned that the legal work involved in leases and mortgages was complex and should not be undertaken by non-lawyers.      

The new laws come into effect on July 1, 2008.      

* Katherine Towers is YourMoney legal writer: ktowers@iprimus.com.au      

[DHS_T-20061106-1-088-570313 ]

Document HERSUN0020061105e2b60004y




Smart Money
Change in Japan's leadership a concern

CHRIS WRIGHT      
504 words
4 November 2006
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
46
English
Copyright 2006. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited.      

GLOBAL INVESTOR

Japan's new Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, appears to be following many of the policies of his predecessor, Junichiro Koizumi, who presided over the period when Japan finally emerged from more than a decade of stagnation.

That might sound like there should be little impact on the markets. But the handful of fund managers in Australia who focus on Japan aren't so sure.

Jim Simpson, who runs the Japan fund for Platinum Asset Management, addressed the theme in a recent note to his investors.

"In most situations, we see politics as a sideshow which tends to gain more mileage as an issue in the papers than in investment markets," he wrote.

"However, in the case of Japan, we are going through an interesting transition from an ultra-popular and seemingly very successful operator in Koizumi, to the relatively unknown Abe. There is a risk that the momentum for progress in Japan loses its way as the agenda for the leadership changes."

Initial signs are that China and North Korea are occupying more of Abe's time than the economy (hardly surprising in the circumstances) and Simpson doesn't like that too much.

"It is our feeling that rather than resting on its achievements to date in turning the economy around, Japan has to embrace the next stage of its economic transition which deals with the demographic problem and public debt. In this environment, it is hard to see how the transition would be good for the market."

If Simpson is right it undermines the revival of one of the few markets in the world where fund managers have been almost universally positive about its direction. In fact, in stockmarket terms, Japan's glorious run had already faltered; after returning more than 50 per cent in 2005, the Nikkei Stock Average is up only 3.4 per cent year to date.

A look at the performance of Japanese blue chips supports the feeling that the easy money has already been made. Mitsubishi and Mitsui are up 105.4 per cent and 102.9 per cent respectively over the past three years, but 10 per cent and 17.5 per cent respectively over the past year. The banking group Mitsuibishi UFJ has done 88 per cent in three years, but only 4.9 per cent in the past 12 months.

There are exceptions, though, that have done very well in the past 12 months - most notably Canon, up 58.6 per cent, Toyota, up 37.1 per cent and Toshiba, up 41 per cent.

Australia-based Japanese equity funds have varied from 16 per cent to 6.42 per cent returns over the past 12 months, according to Morningstar Research.

The best performing, from Invesco, does not disclose its top holdings; Fidelity's fund, the best performer over the longer term, has as its top holdings West Japan Railway, TDK Corp, Toyota, NTT Urban Development, and Namco Bandai Holdings (a financial group).

Document AFNR000020111230e2b400u4t




NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS AND ECONOMY
Hopeful first-time buyers find lending door closed Expectations are too often unrealistic, writes Sharlene Goff. 

By SHARLENE GOFF 
504 words
1 November 2006
Financial Times
FTFT
London Ed1
Page 3
English
(c) 2006 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 

Mortgage brokers are being forced to damp down the expectations of first-time buyers all too anxious to take out big loans in the desperate drive to get on to the housing ladder. 

Paul Hearnden, managing director of mortgage broker My Mortgage Direct, sometimes finds himself confronting their wildly unrealistic expectations. He says: "We have had to turn down around 70 per cent of a recent spate of calls from hopeful first-time buyers who may not have been working for long or don't have proof of income but nevertheless think they can borrow large sums of money," he says. 

Abbey's move to inflate its standard borrowing terms to five times salary is the latest in a string of similar changes by other lenders. Part of the reason for the high multiples on offer is the intensifying competition between lenders to capture a share of the first time buyer market. 

David Hollingworth at London and Country, the mortgage broker, says: "Lenders have two battlegrounds on which they can target borrowers. They can gain a competitive edge by bringing down prices or by offering deals that other lenders can't do. Most lenders are cut to the bone on pricing so are looking at offering increasingly attractive deals." 

But it is a sensitive point in the rate cycle to be venturing into this territory. The concern is that, with at least one imminent interest rate rise on the cards, mortgage holders could fall into difficulties with meeting monthly repayments if they borrow the maximum allowed. Also, brokers expect a migration towards variable mortgage rates as a number of lenders have recently increased their fixed-rate deals, which offer a guaranteed interest rate for a specific period of time. 

Colin Dale at Skipton Building Society says: "Being able to afford a loan now is not the same as being able to afford one in a few months' or a few years' time. People taking out high income multiples must be 100 per cent sure that they have considered the long-term picture instead of being blinkered by the immediate rate." 

But the natural hedonism of the under-30s means many are willing to take the risk of future pain for present pleasure. 

Mr Hearnden says: "People are reluctant to compromise their lifestyles. They still want the holiday and the nice car and are willing to borrow more to get them." 

Lenders argue that someone with a lot of other debt or an unreliable payment record would be unlikely to qualify for the highest income multiples. Moreover, borrowers taking out these mortgages could face higher lending charges and less competitive interest rates. 

Jonathan Cornell, technical director at Hamptons Mortgages, says: "This system has allowed many people who would not otherwise have been able to borrow at the same levels to either get on or move up the property ladder."    

20061101L103.110

Document FTFT000020061101e2b100011




 Smart Money Bankruptcy possibility puts train on couple's relationship    

Bruce Williams    
504 words
16 October 2006
Charleston Gazette
CGAZ
P2D
English
(Copyright 2006)    

Q. I'm having a tax problem and I'm trying to avoid filing for bankruptcy. Is having an audit an option? The tax preparer put me down as head of household when I was married (but separated). I didn't know the difference. I'm trying to get remarried (to someone else), but this is causing some conflict, as my current fiance is worried this may affect his "good name.'' I'd appreciate any assistance I could get in this matter!    

S.L.    

Lincoln, Neb.    

A. Unless your income was very large, I cannot imagine why the penalties and taxes due would be as dramatic as your letter implies. By all means contact a CPA who specializes in IRS matters or an enrolled agent. I am sure this can be worked out so bankruptcy is not requisite. As to your problem with your fiance and his good name, I do understand it's often times advisable to keep financial matters separate. If this is going to make him reconsider the marriage, you might wish to do the same, for obvious reasons.    

Q. My husband is 43, and I am 48. We will have our house paid off in 10 years. At that time, we hope our son will choose to continue his education. He is in fifth grade right now. We do have a savings account (mutual fund). My husband has a 401(k), and he will invest 15 percent. The company matches up to 5 percent. I have no retirement savings, and I only work two days a week for a family I have been with for 18 years. How much money would it take for us to live if my husband retired at age 55? Would it make that much difference if he retired at 61 to 65? He has close to $100,000 in 401(k) at this time. In 10 years, when our house is paid for, we will have no tax write-off. What is the best thing to do at this time? My husband thinks being debt free is worth paying whatever taxes we would have to pay. Is this true? Our house value is $120,000.    

J.R.    

Winchester, Ky.    

A. It is almost impossible to make definite plans as far away as you are attempting to do. Surely, saving as much money as you are able - it would appear you are doing well in that regard - makes very good sense. To determine how much money you will need to retire on (Social Security will not be a factor for many years after your husband reaches 55), and figuring whether or not you will have enough for your son's education, I believe to be an impossible task. Your wisest route, in my opinion, is to continue doing as you are doing. You might wish to think about working more on a full-time basis and stashing as much of that money as possible.    

Document CGAZ000020061017e2ag0009v


ANALYSIS: Lenders battle to grab their slice of the cake    

504 words
16 October 2006
Mortgage Strategy
MORTST
36
English
Copyright: Centaur Communications Ltd. or its licensors 2006.      

There has been plenty of interest in the new lender entrants to the mortgage marketplace this year and the trend seems set to continue with a seemingly never-ending stream of players looking to carve out competitive positions for themselves.    

We saw yet another addition recently when Scarborough launched its intermediary-only specialist mortgage arm Scarborough Specialist Mortgages in an attempt to grab a slice of the sub-prime market.    

But it is easy to fall into focussing on the new lenders in the intermediary sector at the expense of looking at the wider market and keeping abreast of direct offerings.    

Direct Line has offered some keen rates online recently and Giraffe - Bristol & West's direct to consumer brand - has had fresh life breathed into it after a quiet period.    

In other cases, lenders are offering additional incentives on their mortgage rates through branch or direct exclusives.    

ING Direct has launched its first mortgage products recently in the form of a flexible variable rate at 5.14% and a two-year fix-ed rate at 4.95%.    

Following ING's successful entry into this country's savings market anticipation about the company's mortgage offering was high. While the rates being offered are not market-busting ING has extended the transparent, no-catch policy that worked so well on its savings product to its mortgage range.    

Both its mortgage deals offer refunded valuations on purchases and free valuations and free legal work for remortgages, plus there is no arrangement fee when it comes to the flexible product.    

But where these deals go further than other lenders' offerings is in the administration fee structure.    

ING will not charge any telegraphic transfer fees and, perhaps most notably, will not be charging any exit fees either.    

This is an area that has been under the microscope of late as lenders have pushed up the administration fees for redeeming mortgages to the extent that many are now charging about £200 and in some cases up to £295. It's good to see this pressure being put on other lenders to review their policies when it comes to these fees and ING deserves a lot of credit for bucking the trend.    

This clarity in charging structure will no doubt appeal to borrowers, particularly those with modest mortgages.    

But having said that, ING built big savings balances quickly at launch by offering a top rate coupled with no-catch deals.    

With lower rates available in the market, potential customers with larger balances will find there are products that undercut ING's offerings.    

But the lender is bound to have a large bank of satisfied customers so it will be interesting to see the rate of uptake. It has not ruled out dealing with intermediaries and will be aware of the fact that the broker market is continuing to grow in strength.    

As a big bank with a big ambition it would be a welcome addition to the broker sector.    

Document MORTST0020061018e2ag0001g


Financial Adviser: Zopa to target personal debt with new asset class.      

504 words
5 October 2006
Financial Adviser
FADV
English
(c) 2006 Financial Adviser      

n investment      

IFAs are being targeted by the creators of Zopa, the person-to-person lending market.      

The concept of the service, which already has more than 100,000 members, is to tap into the most profitable sector of high street banking - personal debt.      

James Alexander, chief executive of Zopa said that IFAs had a duty to their clients to understand Zopa before making a judgement.      

He said: "This is a new asset class. I do not think any responsible adviser can remain ignorant of a new asset class."      

As part of the drive to spark an interest among IFAs, Zopa now offers a 0.2 per cent commission for any client they introduce to the service.      

Last month Zopa, which launched in April 2005, also announced its new partnership with Synaptic Systems, a software solutions provider for IFAs.      

Synaptics' 10,000-strong core customer base of IFAs has already been given details of the scheme in which clients lend money directly to borrowers in a risk category they can select themselves.      

Mr Alexander said that IFAs worried by the novelty or the technology should take a look before ruling it out claiming it was designed for "joe public" and had to be easy to use.      

He said that Zopa fell into a regulatory zone of cash and deposit accounts and involved a far lower administrative workload than other investments.      

Lenders offering more than AGBP500 on Zopa have their investment spread across 50 borrowers and any bad debts are sold on to a debt recovery service, not just written off.      

The lender can be involved regularly or select a low-maintenance automated re-investment model.      

But the average return after costs and bad debt has been 6.8 per cent with some sectors seeing returns of up to 14 per cent.      

Mr Alexander said that Zopa was not in competition with the likes of ING, egg or First Direct, he said it was for people who had "maxed-out" their Isas and wanted something on top of their ING account.      

But for Philippa Gee, investment director at Torquil Clark, the Zopa proposition was not an obvious choice.      

She said: "I have got nothing against this idea at all.      

"From my limited experience of them, they seem to do a good job and have a very happy client bank.      

"But as an adviser it is not my job to support great concepts it is to look for long-term financial solutions."      

Ms Gee also said that some cash accounts could beat Zopa.      

But Mr Alexander pointed out that the 6.8 per cent return was well above the rates offered by the most popular savings accounts like ING and egg.      

He said: "If anyone actually looks at the small print on these higher rate savings accounts you will find some hefty conditions.      

"In some cases you even have to have your wages paid into them."      

For more information, visit      www.zopa.com/adviser    

54771952

Document FADV000020070311e2a50002b


Best assets are still found in bricks & mortar    

504 words
21 September 2006
Somerset Guardian
SOMGUA
default
50
English
(c) 2006 Somerset Guardian    

Although landlords in at least two areas of the country could have lost money in the past 12 months, a survey claims that bricks and mortar has given investors by far the best return of any asset class in the six years so far of the 21st century.    

Landlord Mortgages, a specialist buy-to-let mortgage broker, bases its comparison on an investor holding £25,000 cash in the Millennium.    

If the money was used as a deposit on a £165,500 property, and rental payments covered mortgage repayments and other costs since that date, the property shows a profit today of £39,309.    

By comparison, £22,000 invested in gold shows a profit of £22,484 - a standard savings account has earned £7,061 - and £25,000 invested in FTSE-100 shares has earned £415, despite an almighty crash in the middle which saw London share prices almost halve by 2003.    

Lee Grandin, Landlord Mortgages managing director said: "While buy-to-let property requires a relatively large minimum investment, this research shows you can make considerable gains on capital invested in this asset class.    

"However, this asset class often requires more commitment from investors than other asset classes and should be seen as a business rather than simply an investment."    

Although latest figures from the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML) show an astonishing surge in buy-to-let from January 2005 to June 2006, there is a clear warning that landlords don't always win in a second survey from specialist lender Paragon Mortgages.    

John Heron, Paragon Mortgages managing director, says portfolios are performing strongly on the back of a perceived rise in tenant demand, driven significantly by inward migration from EU countries.    

Lee Grandin at Landlord Mortgages says the average buy-to-let loan is £120,000 on properties costing £150,000-£160,000.    

"The smart landlords buy, add value, and then pull out as much money from the property as they can," he said, explaining the recent boom in remortgaging.    

Rob Thomas, CML senior policy advisor said: "Buy-to-let is unquestionably the best performer for investors when capital values are rising strongly, as we have seen since 2000.    

"But latest figures for lending to that sector include a substantial amount of remortgaging, as landlords either look to take equity out of one property to buy another, or find more competitive lending rates.    

"As interest rates have begun to rise, this sector is probably already beginning to lose steam, and things will look a lot cooler in this market by the first half of 2007.    

"But I believe we are still likely to avoid the sharp slowdown of 2004/5."    

CML figures show £24.5 billion loaned on buy-to-let properties in 2005, about 8.5 per cent of the total market. Lending of £17.5 billion to the same sector in the first half of 2006 was nearly double the £9.9 billion recorded in the first half of 2005.    

Document SOMGUA0020060922e29l0001g




Business
Nationwide keeps the mutual flame burning    

Sam Dunn    
504 words
17 September 2006
Independent On Sunday
INDOS
26
English
(c) 2006 Independent News & Media PLC    

Money    

As a thorn in the side of rivals, it has had no peers.    

Nationwide building society has splendid form for irritating and harassing high-street banks and lenders to expose their poor and often sharp practices.    

Its knack of garnering publicity for consumer-friendly campaigns, and its series of sardonic TV ads portraying its competitors as money-grubbing scoundrels, has helped it win countless new customers.    

The most recent successes include highlighting the extra costs of using a rival's credit or debit card overseas. It has also shown how most lenders prefer to order repayments on plastic in such a way that your more expensive debt remains on your card for longer - fattening their pockets at your expense.    

In principle, last week's announcement that Nationwide is to merge with Portman will mean even more of this sterling work.    

The enlarged group will, by September 2007, have assets worth £150bn under its control, making it the UK's second-largest mortgage lender and savings provider. And, you would think, it won't throw all that extra weight around just to undermine its rivals.    

As befits the nature and purpose of a mutual, Nationwide will - or should - be hell-bent on using the economies of scale secured by swallowing Portman to offer better rates on mortgages, personal loans and savings, as well as to reduce its fees and penalties.    

As the biggest building society in the land, it was already under scrutiny from rivals keen to find chinks in its armour as a consumer champion and standard bearer for mutuality.    

Now it will be an even bigger target for those who want to see it stumble.    

No one could argue that mutuals are bad for competition, given their alternative approach to profits - returning money to customers, or "members", instead of shareholders.    

Yet the warm glow of mutuality has been fading for many years.    

Among others, the Halifax and Northern Rock have waved the white flag and listed on the London Stock Exchange to raise money for investment and growth. And earlier this year, insurer Standard Life gave up the ghost, arguing that it could no longer compete as a major player unless it became a pic. In all these cases, it was decided that a brighter future would be mapped out with shareholders in the place of mutuality.    

The new Nationwide, in its role as a "mega-mutual", will inevitably provoke fresh questions over whether its members might be better served long term if the company were a pic. Many might also be tempted by the one-off cash bonus from demutualisation.    

But as long as Nationwide continues to demonstrate its mastery of mutuality - by increasing its profits and then passing them on to customers - then its crown as consumer champion is unlikely to be dislodged. And mutuality won't feel the chill.    

It will be a still bigger target for those who want to see it stumble    

s.dunn@independent.co.uk    

Document INDOS00020060918e29h000b0


Finance
Best bond depends on goals      

NOEL WHITTAKER      
504 words
10 September 2006
Sunday Mail, The
SNDMAL
2 - State - Main Country
62
English
Copyright 2006 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

Q      

Where can we buy insurance bonds? Do they need to be declared for the assets test for age pension eligibility?      

A      

A financial adviser is the appropriate person, because they can help you clarify your goals and then choose an insurance bond that fits your risk profile. They are assessed under both the income and the assets test for age pension purposes.      

Q      

We have lived since 1999 in a house that was gifted to me in December. We have since used the equity in that house to buy the house next door. Both properties should be rezoned to units within five years, and we plan to sell both. I have had conflicting advice on renting out the original house. Some say that we will lose too much in capital gains tax, but it would greatly help in paying off the mortgage of $345,000. What do you suggest?      

A      

This is a matter to discuss with your accountant. But if the house was gifted to you in December, the transaction would be deemed to have taken place at market value and there would be no CGT to pay, as any increase in value should be minimal. It also appears to have been your principal place of residence. There may be a CGT liability for the person who gifted the property to you.      

Q      

I have $178,000 remaining on my home mortgage and am paying $630 fortnightly. There are no personal loans or outstanding credit cards. I earn $5100 net monthly and am married with one baby and a second due by January. I am planning to buy an investment property. Could you please tell me what would be the safe borrowing limit of a new investment loan?      

A      

This is a calculation you will have to do for yourself. Start by doing a budget to satisfy yourself that you have adequate surplus income to cover such events as interest rate rises and vacancies. Do the research to ensure you buy the type of property that will give you good capital gain. Buy it in your name with an interest-only loan to maximise the tax benefits, and use all your spare cash to reduce the non-deductible loan on your own home.      

Q      

I am retired, have some super and draw an allocated pension. I would like to put other investments into super to take advantage of the changes. Is it necessary to re-enter the workforce? Am I allowed to re-enter?      

A      

If you are under 65 there is no work test; if you are 65-75 you will need to work for 40 hours in 30 consecutive days to be eligible to contribute. Until July 1, 2007, a person aged 70 and up cannot claim any of the contribution as a tax deduction. This will then change.      

* Noel Whittaker's advice is general in nature. Readers should seek expert advice before making financial decisions.      

[SML_T-20060910-2-062-612414 ]

Document SNDMAL0020060909e29a0001z




FT MONEY
Q&A: A SHORT HISTORY OF THE ALTERNATIVELY SECURED PENSION.

By KEVIN O'DONNELL 
504 words
12 August 2006
Financial Times
FTFT
London Ed1
Page 2
English
(c) 2006 The Financial Times Limited. All rights reserved 

*What is an Alternatively Secured Pension?ASPs were introduced on April 6 as an alternative source of retirement income for people who had not bought an annuity by age 75. They are designed to provide an income in retirement but with the risk that the holder's pension fund, used to provide income withdrawals, may be exhausted before death. The ASP allows income to be drawn from a pension fund when needed and provides the ability to pass on the remaining fund to spouses and dependants, subject to inheritance tax.*What is an annuity?An annuity is a financial product that guaranteesa lifetime income. It is typically bought on retirement. Retirees use their "pot" to buy a pension income for the rest of their lives.

Under pension rules prior to April 2006, anyone with a personal pension or money purchase pension scheme was required to buy an annuity by age 75.*Why is the Treasury worried about misuse of ASPs for tax evasion?The Treasury is concerned some wealthy people will misuse new rules to avoid income tax by failing to draw down income from their ASP and will avoid inheritance tax by using ASPs to pass on wealth to their heirs.*Who are the Christian Brethren?The Christian Brethren is a term for a number of independent, non-hierarchical evangelical Christian churches started in the 1820s. The group successfully lobbied government to abolish therule requiring people to buy an annuity at the age of 75.*Could the Treasury restrict ASPs to religious groups?Most pension lawyers and experts agree this would be extremely difficult in the light of recent human rights legislation and anti-discrimination laws.

*Could the Treasury clamp down on ASPs?It is possible. It may insist that a minimum income is withdrawn each year in line with the income paid by an annuity. It may also tighten up ruleson inheritance tax in relation to ASPs, insistingon a tax charge of up to 40 per cent when an ASP holder dies and the pension fund is transferred to a dependant.

*What happens to the ASP on death for spouses, civil partners and financial dependants?On the death of a member, if he or she has one or more financial dependants, any remaining funds must be paid out in the form of a pension.

*What tax liabilities are there?On the death of a member who does not have any financial dependants, or on the death of a financial dependant after they reach the age of 75, the residual funds will be subject to inheritance tax based on the deceased member's estate. Members will need to have made it clear in their letterof nomination how they wish the residual fundto be dealt with on their own death and the deaths of financial dependants. Alternatively, members can nominate a charity to receive the residual funds, which would not be subject to inheritance tax. 

20060812M102.007

Document FTFT000020060812e28c0003h




Money Mail
TIME TO GET INTO A FIX; LAST WORD BY ISABELLE KASSAM    

504 words
9 August 2006
Daily Mail
DAIM
09a
English
(c) 2006 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved    

JUST as we are getting used to the sunshine, the weather breaks and we all get caught in a thunderstorm. It's the same with interest rates. We've had nearly 12 months without a change in base rate and when the inevitable rise comes, we are taken completely by surprise.    

Previous base rate rises have prompted mortgage rate increases within seconds, but this time borrowers and savers have been made to wait. Lenders are rusty after 11 consecutive months without a change in rates. Don't expect them to be so relaxed in future.    

Next time there is a base rate increase -- in December, according to the economists who can read financial tea-leaves -- the lenders are going to be primed and ready.    

And borrowers and savers should be, too. In July, nearly 28pc of new mortgages taken out were variable, according to one broker. In May, this figure was just 10pc. Had so many borrowers forgotten the horror of interest rate rises? Or had they become convinced that rates were bound to stay at 4.5 pc for ever. Mortgage advisers had a duty to spell out the reality.    

When a rate rise bites and you have to find an extra £10 or £20 a month, it can be a real struggle.    

Your earnings won't suddenly jump and you're already facing higher bills for gas, electricity, water and council tax.    

None of us can afford to be complacent when it comes to the mortgage -- our largest household bill. But if we can't afford to feel the pain of more rate rises, we need to take action now and fix the problem, along with the mortgage, before we get caught in a downpour again.    

ï SOMEONE at Norwich & Peterborough Building Society cannot count. Since the mutual's mortgage rate suddenly jumped by    

0.19 pc to 6.49 pc in June -- when there was no base rate increase -- bosses only need to add another    

0.6 pc to the rate to cover the full    

0.25 pc base rate rise this month.    

However, the society yesterday announced that it was hitting borrowers-with the full 0.25pc taking the rate to 6.74pc.    

Time for a recount N&P before this new rate comes in on August 17. Or maybe this is a sneaky way of letting us know of your plans to demutualise -- by behaving like a bank.    

ï I'VE had a few unusual invitations, but the one offering me a 'prize' of cancer insurance if I turn up is definitely the weirdest.    

Manchester United's sponsor, insurance giant AIG, thinks I'd like to enter a draw where I have to get cancer in the next 12 months to win.    

I understand the need to promote cancer awareness, but I think this method is sadly lacking.    

Kinder commentators might consider it insensitive -- I call it sick.    

i.kassam@dailymail.co.uk    

Document DAIM000020060808e2890004g




Features
Raid on small retirement pots is no trivial matter;A question of money;Let ter

Diana Wright 
504 words
6 August 2006
The Sunday Times
ST
Money 2
English
© 2006 Times Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

W T writes: After the pension changes on A-Day, I decided to take my "trivial" pension as a lump sum. I thought the first 25% would be tax-free and the rest subject to income tax. Clerical Medical, my pension provider, has told me it must deduct higher-rate tax from the balance even though I am a basic-rate taxpayer.

When my wife queried this with Revenue & Customs, she was told Clerical Medical had got it wrong. I can reclaim any excess tax paid at the end of this tax year, but that still means waiting nearly 12 months for about Pounds 700. Who is right?

The ability to cash in so-called "trivial" pensions was part of the much vaunted "simplification" of pensions in April this year. Funds worth up to Pounds 15,000 in total can now be taken as a lump sum.

Previously, only pensions worth less than Pounds 2,500 could be taken this way and the rest had to be used to produce an income, usually by taking an annuity.

Unfortunately, Revenue & Customs has made it extremely complicated by insisting that the taxable portion (75%) be treated under pay-as-you-earn rules. Initially, it required that it was taxed on a "week one" basis, meaning the pension provider had to deduct the appropriate amount of tax on the assumption that the recipient would be "earning" that sum every week of the year.

It has since relented and allowed providers to deduct tax on a "month one" basis if they wish. That is better, but still basically daft for most people because it will still mean 40% tax is deducted on a large portion of the proceeds. The only consolation is that you can get your overpayment back before the end of the tax year by contacting your local inspector of taxes now.

Incidentally, some readers seem to think they can cash in any pension policy whose value is less than Pounds 15,000 under these triviality rules. Not so. You can do this only if the total value of all your pension plans is less than Pounds 15,000 (including any rights you may have to a final-salary scheme). You have to be aged at least 60 and under 75 to do so, and the Pounds 15,000 will rise each year because it represents 1% of the lifetime allowance (due to rise in stages from Pounds 1.5m this year to Pounds 1.8m in the 2010-11 tax year).

E-mail Diana Wright at the address below or write to A Question of Money, The Sunday Times, 1 Pennington Street, London E98 1ST, giving a daytime telephone number. We cannot send personal replies or deal with every letter. Please do not send original documents or SAEs. Advice is offered without legal responsibility questionofmoney@sunday-times.co.uk

(C) Times Newspapers Ltd, 2006 

Document ST00000020060806e28600059




BUSINESS
Money panel    

FRED W. WRIGHT JR.    
Times Staff Writer
504 words
23 July 2006
St. Petersburg Times
STPT
3
English
Copyright 2006 St. Petersburg Times.    All Rights Reserved.    

Kim Helseth, 68, retired, Dade City    

The Times Money Panel is composed of more than 500 readers who have signed up to share their opinions on making, saving and spending money.    

How did you get started in investing?    

It was with a 401(k) at my first firm, General Mills, probably 1969.    

What is your best investment?    

I'd say the houses I built. I built my home in Minnesota and here in Florida. It took us three years to build. The 401(k)s were also quite good.    

What is your worst investment?    

Compared to their peers, I fired two - two tech funds, one a Roth IRA and one in a 401(k). I was disappointed with their performance over 2years. Got out of both of them.    

What have you learned about investing that you think all investors should know?    

I've sort of learned patience. I don't want to get into stocks directly. I don't want to have to watch them every single day.    

How would you describe your approach?    

The same way as when I was building a house. If I didn't know how to do something, I would get a book from the library, read it and do it, or I would talk to someone at Home Depot about how to do it and then do it. I have persistence. If I don't get it right the first day, I come back the second day.    

What do you find the most difficult?    

I expected to invest directly into stocks when I retired, but I enjoy spoiling my grandchildren so much, I'd rather spend the time that way than managing my investments.    

How are you invested?    

Over 50 percent in 401(k)s, real estate is maybe 30-40 percent, 10-20 percent in collectibles and personal property.    

Have you made any changes in your investments in the past year?    

I had my wife consolidate three of her 401(k)s into a single 401(k) so it would be easier to manage, and teaching her to be more involved.    

Do you think now is a good time to invest?    

Yes, I believe all the time is a good time to invest. I believe you can time the market a little bit. I don't believe you can time it perfectly. You can get in and get out and make your appreciation.    

What is your goal for your investing?    

My goal is a comfortable retirement and to be able to pass on a considerable amount to my children and grandchildren.    

What is your biggest money concern?    

Taxes and insurance.    

Where do you get your investment tips?    

I look at MorningStar.com, but it's too past-oriented for me. Fidelity.com is sometimes good. I like Forbes magazine. Recently, I've gone to MSN.com's money section. I've been using Bloomberg TV for the past four years. I find it useful information and timely.    



Document STPT000020060723e27n0000e




Smart Money
SECOND-CHANCE INVESTING

John Wasiliev      
504 words
1 July 2006
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
37
English
Copyright 2006. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited.      

For the $3.4 billion Argo Investments fund, the latest stockmarket pullback is something to be taken in its stride.

The fund is the epitome of the long-term investor: it has been around for 60 years and makes many of its more recent competitors look like traders.

What is interesting about the market reaction to the reversal, says managing director Rob Patterson, who has been with the listed fund for more than 30 years, is the gloom and doom and confusion it appears to have created.

For Argo, the reversal, which has stripped three months of out-performance from the market, has presented the fund with an opportunity to top up its holdings of resources shares.

Patterson says investors need to remember that the correction has only taken the market back to the levels of March this year.

The rally and retreat since then, which has attracted a lot of noise, is something that could be history when company reporting begins in August.

Argo is a value investor, says Patterson, choosing shares on the basis of their scope to deliver higher profits and dividends.

It also emphasises diversification with a 180-stock portfolio, although Patterson says he'd like to reduce it to 150 holdings.

"But it is not easy with the many new floats we've seen in recent times," he says.

Argo is a very long-term holder and rarely sells. Its biggest holding is an investment in Macquarie Bank that evolved from an interest in the unlisted Hill Samuel merchant bank that evolved into Macquarie. The holding represents about 7 per cent of the fund and is a legacy of not selling any investments just because they have made a profit.

Its other long-term investments are in BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, along with the major banks and industrials such as Wesfarmers, Orica, AMP, Foster's and Westfield.

From an investor perspective, an attraction of Argo is its tiny annual fee of 0.25 per cent.

Patterson says Argo's value- focused approach made it a challenge to find new investments in the surging market.

Other commentators offered the following ideas to explore.

Stock Doctor's Elio D'Amato considers health-care company Ansell a good proposition based on its discounted price to earnings ratio, compared with its peers.

Services provider Count Financial gets a mention because it should benefit from the recent budget superannuation changes, plus the baby-boomer generation hitting 60 and needing more tax and investment advice.

Fat Prophets' Jason McIntosh says Lihir Gold is worth considering for those who missed the first gold-price surge.

The correction, he says, has given investors a second chance to get involved in an exciting gold play.

He also considers the correction to have provided a second chance to invest in top-tier miners and energy companies such as BHP Billiton and Woodside.

Commonwealth Securities strategist Charles Hyde says there is also value in BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto in the pullback.

Document AFNR000020111230e2710130h


COMMENT: It's tough to justify 10-year fixes    

504 words
5 June 2006
Mortgage Strategy
MORTST
63
English
Copyright: Centaur Communications Ltd. or its licensors 2006.      

Until lenders offer get out clauses so clients can switch out of 10- year fixed mortgages, longer term deals will remain a tough sell in terms of best advice, says Sally Laker    

A couple of decades ago I would have given my right arm to have been able to fix my mortgage at 8%, let alone 5%. If it had been a 10-year deal even better. Why? Because interest rates were at 14%.    

Luckily Bank of Scotland came to the rescue with what was called a stabiliser mortgage and this helped many a borrower survive. With this deal, the client agreed with the lender what rate they would pay. If interest rates went down they owed less and if they went up they owed more. An adjustment was then made to the loan after three years.    

So what has all this got to do with fixed rates in today's marketplace? Well, it's a sign of the times. As I have mentioned, back in the late 1980s we would have done anything for a fixed rate and 8% would have been a steal but now things have changed so much that even a 10-year fixed rate at 4.99% will not necessarily fly out the door.    

It seems crazy but we have become a nation of short-term fixers. We want two or three-year deals because we are ever optimistic that after two or three years the rates will be even lower. In reality this is unlikely to happen nowadays, but there will be a rate there or thereabouts.    

So why not fix for longer and save switching every two years in hope of a better deal? In the case of best advice, it is a tough call to recommend a 10-year deal and effectively be sure that fix will be good for 10 years as well as proving that the client wouldn't be better off checking and switching every two years. Who can predict for certain that interest rates won't change much in 10 years, up or down?    

Unless lenders can offer the equivalent of break clauses or get out clauses that allow borrowers to switch out of their fixes to other products during that 10-year period, longer term deals will be difficult to sell.    

Nobody will want to pay hefty redemption penalties to switch even if it is to a more attractive product. Again, it is possible that many won't switch, but not having the option is a deterrent to even considering it.    

We have become a nation of switchers. We switch credit cards, car insurance, house insurance - and now mortgages are seen as an extension of that.    

This is all great news for brokers as it is their business to look after their clients and check their mortgages fit their requirements. And we know that those requirements can change in a two-year period - you only have to ask Tony Blair about that.    

Document MORTST0020060608e2650002o


Supplement
Offshore bonds better onshore counterparts bob goulding | Clerical Medical    

504 words
1 June 2006
International Investment
NINV
English
© Copyright 2006 International Investment. All rights reserved.    

Offshore bonds are beneficial for investors who have more than £250,000 to invest or are considered a non-domicile or non-resident for UK tax purposes.    

According to Bob Golding, international planning manager at Clerical Medical, offshore bonds can outperform onshore on long-term investments of £250,000 or more, due to the compounding effect of gross roll up. However, he said it was necessary for clients to have a bond for at least 20 years to benefit from this.    

For example, if a client invested £250,000 in an offshore bond and the same amount was put into an onshore bond, the offshore product would outperform the UK-domiciled bond after 20 years, if an 8% growth rate was assumed. After 30 years the offshore product would have grown to £1,100,000 compared to the onshore product with £1,000,000.    

This takes into account both taxes and charges for the bonds. The onshore bond has been taxed 20% within the fund, while the offshore bond has had a 40% charge applied to the gains. However, Golding stressed that high-income earners could be taxed a further 20% on gains in an onshore bond.    

As charges are also generally higher on offshore bonds, the final net return on smaller investments for shorter time scales does not make it worthwhile as the compounding effect of gross roll up does not have time to take effect, Golding explained.    

However, he argued offshore bonds were beneficial for non-domiciles, non-UK residents and those absent for more than 182 days in one tax year.    

He said gains on an offshore life policy could be reduced directly in proportion to the time the policyholder spent as a non-UK resident. For a non-domicile or a person not born in the UK, an offshore bond would be considered outside the scope of UK inheritance tax. According to Golding, there are around 60,000 non-domiciles in the UK, with this number steadily rising.    

Offshore bonds also provide investors with a greater fund choice compared to onshore bonds, Golding pointed out. He explained: "Permissible funds can include hedge funds as well as offshore deposit accounts. Also, if a client wanted to use discretionary management services this would also be allowed."    

The advantages of an onshore bond, Golding explained, included capital gains tax indexation and lower management charges which can be deducted from a fund's income for tax purposes.    

Taxpayers who are on a low income when encashing the bond pay no further tax liability, while higher rate tax payers pay 36% once the initial 20% tax has been taken from within the fund. This compares to 40% tax on an offshore bond (see diagram above).    

key points    

Offshore bonds outperform onshore for investments other than £250,000 held for more than 20 years    

Onshore bonds outperform offshore for smaller sums and shorter time scales    

Offshore bonds beneficial for a non-resident and a non-domicile    

Document NINV000020060615e2610001y


Money Management: Keeping it in the family.    

504 words
1 June 2006
Money Management
MONMAN
English
(c) 2006 Money Management    

It was uncertain how many providers would launch family pension products after Chancellor Gordon Brown's announcement in the Budget that these plans would still attract a tax charge when passing pension assets from generation to generation.    

But Origen, the IFA business owned by Aegon, has clearly decided that the product still has its attractions with the launch of its first family self-invested personal pension.    

The pension is established under a separate sub-trust within a SIPP and brings spouses, children, family members or friends into the SIPP prior to death as additional members.    

Up to age 75, pension members use drawdown to provide an income; if they die during this time, a dependant's pension may be paid or money may be taken out of the pension to be paid to a beneficiary, less a 35% tax charge.    

From age 75, an alternatively secured pension (ASP) is used to provide income; if a member dies during this time any dependant's pension would be paid with the balance of the fund going to the recipients' pension schemes, minus any IHT liabilities.    

Charges vary by type of member: founder members and additional members who contribute more than AGBP3,600 pa pay an establishment fee of AGBP300, an annual fee of AGBP500 and AGBP150 pa for drawing an income.    

Additional members who contribute AGBP3,600 pa or less pay a set-up charge of AGBP250 and AGBP200 pa. Non-contributing members pay a set-up fee of AGBP250 then AGBP100 pa. IFA commission is available, but must be paid out of the client's funds.    

www.origenfs.co.uk 

MM view - In abolishing the requirement that everyone must buy an annuity by age 75, the Chancellor opened up the possibility of passing on pension assets after death. Until he clarified their tax position in the Budget, it had been hoped that they could be passed to the next generation intact, with no IHT liability.    

However, Brown stated in the Budget that assets held in an ASP would be considered part of a pensioner's estate and therefore could be subject to IHT before being passed to heirs' pension funds.    

Many people prefer passing on 60% of leftover pension assets to their heirs rather than nothing. But news has emerged that a loophole in the Finance Act 2005 makes it possible for pension assets to be passed to other scheme members without paying any IHT through a small self-administered scheme (SSAS).    

SSASs are no longer required to purchase a pension from an insurance company and can instead pay out directly from the scheme itself, reallocating money to other scheme members when one member dies.    

This type of pension is not an option for all, but for those that can set up SSASs, (eg, small family businesses), this loophole makes it a more attractive alternative than the family SIPP proposition. Any IFAs also wishing to market this SIPP should contact Origen direct.    

monica.woodley@ft.com    

49045288

Document MONMAN0020060519e2610000m




MONEY
Some banks offer reward points for debit card use    

Kathy Chu    
504 words
1 June 2006
USA Today
USAT
FINAL
B.1
English
© 2006 USA Today.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.      All Rights Reserved.      

Credit card users have long enjoyed rewards for charging purchases, staying at certain hotels or flying on designated airlines. Now, as debit cards claim a rising share of electronic sales, more banks are offering points for debit card use, too.    

Increasingly, debit card users are gaining points redeemable for plane tickets, merchandise or cash.    

Last week, MasterCard joined with Upromise, an educational services company, to let banks deposit money into customers' college savings plans when they pay grocery, gas or restaurant bills with a debit card. This year, Washington Mutual introduced a debit card that gives customers 3 cents back for each purchase, up to $250 a year in rebates.    

Citibank now awards customers points for using its bank products and services, including debit cards.    

Bank of America offers to round up debit card users' purchases to the nearest dollar, then transfer that amount to a savings account.    

Be aware, though: Debit card rewards tend to be leaner than credit card rewards. For example, banks generally offer one point for every $2 spent with a debit card, compared with one point for every $1 spent with a credit card, says Chris Allen of Dove Consulting.    

If you're trying to earn a plasma TV or a vacation trip through debit card use, it'll generally take twice as long with a debit card as with a credit card. "Banks are not going to be able to offer the same wham-bam experiential type of thing" because they're not getting the finance or penalty charges they do from credit cards, says David Robertson of Nilson Report, a card industry newsletter.    

Still, more banks are rolling out debit card rewards. In 2005, more than one-third of financial institutions gave rewards for debit card use, up from a fourth in 2003, Dove says. About a third of banks that don't offer such a program are considering it, the firm says.    

The rewards are being offered as debit card use is rising. One third of retail purchases were made by debit cards in 2005, up from 26% in 2001, according to the American Bankers Association and Dove Consulting. During the same period, the percentage of retail purchases charged to credit cards fell slightly.    

"It's an evolution in the marketplace," says Stacey Pinkerd of Visa USA. "Consumers are using (debit) cards like mad."    

Banks encourage customers to sign rather than enter personal identification numbers on debit card purchases because banks get higher fees for signature sales. If you sign for a $100 debit card purchase, the store will have to pay banks an average fee of $1.39, compared with 61 cents if you enter a PIN, the Nilson Report says.    

These costs, though, are typically being passed on to people in the form of higher prices for products, notes J. Craig Shearman of the National Retail Federation.    

GRAPHIC, Color, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: American Bankers Association and Dove Consulting (BAR GRAPH)    

Document USAT000020060601e2610000q


Personal Business: OK, if I Just Pay the Card Minimum. . .Ouch    

By Tara Siegel Bernard    
504 words
28 May 2006
The Wall Street Journal Sunday
SNJR
English
(Copyright (c) 2006, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)    

You know that making only the minimum required payments on a credit card can be extremely costly over time. Several lawmakers want to make sure you see exactly how steep the tab can be -- by requiring personalized disclosures of the time and total interest payments it could take to retire your debt.    

In the meantime, you can also find those scary numbers yourself, using online tools such as one at Bankrate.com.    

Consider a consumer with a $7,000 balance on a card with a 12% interest rate. If the person paid the minimum due, typically 1% of the balance plus interest each month, it would take nearly 28 years -- yes, you read that correctly, 28 years -- to pay the balance down. The payment would start at $139.30 a month and get smaller as the balance fell. The total interest, $6,762.18, would nearly equal the original debt, according to Bankrate.com.    

But if the consumer continued to pay a steady $139.30 every month, the debt would be paid off in less than six years and interest would amount to about $2,775, the online calculator shows. Pay $200 a month, and you'd be done in less than four years. At Bankrate.com, click on the "Credit Cards" tab and then, under "Calculators," go to "Paying the minimum."    

Five bills that would mandate customized disclosures are pending in Congress. Supporters hope to get some momentum from a recent study by the Government Accountability Office, the investigative arm of Congress, on whether such disclosures might lead cardholders to make more-informed financial decisions. In a survey of cardholders, GAO found that people with credit-card debt wanted customized disclosures and found them very useful.    

In the future, under the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005, card issuers will be required to include on statements a general disclosure about the consequences of making only minimum payments, as well as a toll-free phone number for obtaining individualized information. The Federal Reserve is working on regulations to implement that law, which it expects to finish by the end of next year.    

The GAO found that some lawmakers, consumer groups and educators believe that customized disclosures would be more noticeable and cause consumers to make larger payments or change how they use their cards. But card issuers told the GAO the proposed change wouldn't have much impact. They said the number of cardholders who routinely make only minimum payments is small, and that those who do pay the minimum probably can't afford to do otherwise.    

The GAO study, released last month, was requested by Sens. Paul Sarbanes, (D., Md.) and Daniel K. Akaka, (D., Hawaii). Sen. Akaka introduced one of the credit-card disclosure bills and he "hopes that the GAO report will boost support for his efforts in passing his legislation," says his press secretary.    

License this article from Dow Jones Reprint Service

Document SNJR000020060529e25s0000b




Don't join the mayhem PERSONAL FINANCE      

By The Canberra Times      
504 words
24 May 2006
Canberra Times
CANBTZ
6
English
(c) 2006 The Canberra Times      

E ARLY this month investors were advised to ''sell in May and go away''. How true this has proved. The stock market and managed share funds have corrected sharply in the past few weeks. When an investor's portfolio falls in this way they are liable to switch off, give up and finally sell in despair. Don't. Losses have twice the emotional impact of gains. The most difficult portfolio decision an investor will ever make is selling a share or managed fund that has served them profitably in the past. As for poor performers they hate them but are convinced they will rally so they cannot bring themselves to sell. They should take hold of themselves and try to imagine there is a wise bird sitting on their shoulder. Ask, ''If I did not hold this share or managed share fund would I buy it at its present price?'' If the answer is ''No'', consider selling.      

 Once an investment is sold the emotional baggage associated with it disappears immediately enabling investors to consider the investment in a rational way. When deciding to sell, always sell the      

poorest performers and the smaller stocks first. If only blue chip shares or managed funds are held don't sell. They could fall 10 per cent but this margin is not worth the risk of selling and trying to buy back at a lower price, especially considering the capital gains tax and transaction costs involved. Remember managed funds that invest in blue chip stocks and the stocks themselves are not fly-by-nights. In 20 years the big four banks, insurance companies like QBE, retailers like Woolworths and the resource and oil giants BHP, Rio Tinto and Woodside Petroleum will still be highly profitable. They are sure to rebound and continue to      

rise steadily unlike blue-sky miners and penny dreadful oil explorers. What's next? At present the world is suffering from an inflation scare causing central bankers,      

including ours, to raise interest rates. (Recall the iron law of economic gravity: When interest rates rise share prices fall.) However, according to the Bank Credit Analyst, when interest rates stop rising, hopefully in a few months, there will be, ''an inevitable upturn in risk appetites and corporate animal spirits''. However this correction still has some time to go. Don't make the mistake of re- investing hard won cash reserves too soon. Not only naive investors make this mistake. In 1720 Sir Isaac Newton, then Britain's Master of the Mint, made a killing in the ''South Sea Bubble'' and sold, up 7000, some hundreds of thousands of dollars in today's currency. But he was tempted back into the market and lost 20,000. Take note of his comment: ''I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people.'' Advice should be used as a general guide and professional advice should be sought before making decisions. bharcourt@compuserve.com      

6454645

Document CANBTZ0020060523e25o0002c




Wealth: What you can learn from the big-money investors    

By Jonathan Burton    
504 words
18 May 2006
The Wall Street Journal Asia
AWSJ
31
English
(c) 2006 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. To see the edition in which this article appeared, click here    http://awsj.com.hk/factiva-ns

Big institutional investors are different from you and me. But that doesn't mean we can't learn from the way they handle money.    

True, pension funds and other large players have more investment expertise and more access to investment talent. But here's a secret: In hiring independent investment firms to manage U.S.- and foreign-stock holdings, institutions stick to a methodical approach that anyone can follow.    

How? When choosing a mutual fund or hiring any investment professional, pay attention to these criteria that institutions use in manager searches.    

-- Process: Look for a Strategy    

"The first thing we look for is the business strategy: What is the firm as an organization trying to do?" says Mary Cottrill, a senior portfolio manager for the California Public Employees' Retirement System, who oversees the pension fund's U.S. and international stock managers.    

Every money manager Calpers hires must face a rigorous grilling, starting with a long questionnaire probing the firm's investment philosophy and how it aims to deliver solid long-term results. "There's got to be some edge," Ms. Cottrill says. "We always ask `What's the unique characteristic that your firm brings? What differentiates you from your competitors?'"    

-- People: Incentives and Pay    

A money manager's most valuable assets go home each night. So it's crucial that a firm has proper incentives to retain personnel, says Roger Fenningdorf, head of global manager research at Rocaton Investment Advisors LLC, a pension-plan consultant in Norwalk, Connecticut.    

It's also important that the people overseeing the business be separate from those who oversee clients' money, and that succession plans exist so departures don't disrupt the investment process. "We focus on firms that have a stable investment team and business team, and have a strong philosophy on [regulatory] compliance," Mr. Fenningdorf says.    

-- Focus: Straight and Narrow    

Discipline and consistency are among the qualities institutions value most. They are specific about dividing holdings across asset classes. Managers generally are hired for a certain expertise -- small stocks, foreign stocks, growth or value -- and are expected to stick to their knitting. "We want to make sure they do what they say," Mr. Fenningdorf notes. Otherwise, there's a risk a slumping manager could switch to a hot sector, upsetting a carefully built portfolio. Discipline keeps managers on track until the tide turns in favor of their style.    

-- Passion: What It Means    

"We're looking for talented, tenured, experienced teams that are passionate about investing," said Joe Brennan, head of portfolio review at Vanguard Group, the mutual-fund giant.    

"We see hundreds of potential managers a year," he says. Some managers gush about the number of new accounts or revenue their firms reeled in lately. Those aren't the priorities that Vanguard supports, Mr. Brennan says. "Most great managers, you can't shut them up about stocks -- that's all they want to talk about," he says.    

Document AWSJ000020060517e25i0001m




(ADVISORY: First ran yesterday under embargo) 

504 words
17 May 2006
12:46 PM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2006, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved 

PENSIONERS 'NEED £400,000 FOR RETIREMENT' 

By Nicky Burridge, PA Personal Finance Correspondent 

Pensioners will need more than £400,000 to support them during their retirement, research claimed today. 

Retirement property specialist Economic Lifestyle said based on an average annual pensioner income of £11,700, rising slightly each year, and average life expectancy, people would need a total of £402,399 between when they retired and when they died. 

The figure is even higher for women, who can expect to live until they are an average of 89, meaning they would need around £437,886 to enjoy an average income. 

Men would need around £70,000 less at £366,912, as a result of having a lower life expectancy of 86. 

The bulk of the money retired people need is likely to come from the state pension and benefits, with this currently making up around 61% of pensioners' annual income, according to Government figures. 

A further 23% comes from occupational pensions, 7% is from investment income, 6% is from earnings and 2% is from personal pensions. 

Mark Neal, managing director of Economic Lifestyle, said: 'Medical advances mean that on average, we can all expect to live longer and enjoy over 20 years of retirement life. 

'However, this can put a growing strain on our finances, which means that many find it difficult to make ends meet. Around two million pensioners live below the poverty line and we expect this number to grow. 

'This financial shortfall helps to explain why many more retired people are deciding to release equity from their homes to support their standard of living. Indeed, we estimate that retired homeowners have over one trillion pounds of equity in their homes.'' 

Meanwhile, financial website MoneyExpert.com warned that retired people unlocking equity from their home could pay £1,600 a year more in interest by failing to shop around for the most competitive deal. 

It said interest rates on lifetime mortgages averaged 6.95%, with a lowest of just 5.7%, while the highest one was 8.9%. 

Under a lifetime mortgage, people borrow a cash lump sum against their property and the money is not repaid until they die or sell their home. Interest is often added on to the total amount owed. 

The group said someone who released £50,000 equity from their home at a rate of 5.7% would pay annual interest charges of just £2,850, compared with £4,450 if the interest rate was 8.9%. 

MoneyExpert.com, which has launched a comparison table for lifetime mortgages, also urged people to make sure their lender was a member of the voluntary group Safe Home Income Plans (SHIP). 

It said SHIP members had signed up to a code of conduct which included a no negative equity guarantee, meaning that when a homeowner died, their estate would not be asked to repay more than the value of the property, even if they now owed more than this.    

1-MONEY-Retirement_54293.TXT

Document PRESSA0020060517e25h000mi


Financial Adviser: Only a fool believes debt is good.    

504 words
11 May 2006
Financial Adviser
FADV
English
(c) 2006 Financial Adviser    

Catching up on reading an almost life-threatening pile of newspapers over the past few weeks has been interesting.    

One piece in particular caught my eye. The business editorial in The Times published on 1 April explored foolish behaviour in financial markets.    

The first pertinent observation was that fools embrace debt.    

Mortgage debt is apparently okay when considering a long-term appreciation in the value of the property, but debt for any other purpose, especially for the purpose of immediate gratification and the purchase of wasting assets, is foolish.    

A second observation was that fools are motivated by money and money alone, and assume that everyone else is too. Third, one which especially hit home, was that fools think investment is about maximising returns.    

The author observed that gambling is about maximising returns, whereas investment is about minimising risk. There were others, but these seemed to me to be of most relevance to financial planning.    

Since my early days in financial services I have moved from fact-finding as a way of proving that someone has enough capital or surplus monthly income to justify a sale, to fact-finding at a much more subjective level.    

I spend so much more time now talking to clients about their objectives and a considerable amount of that time is less about financial objectives than personal ones.    

Many of my clients are not motivated by money. Their objectives are personal ones, much more to do with lifestyle and family issues. Retiring at certain age, or changing to a less demanding job, spending more time with the family, improving quality of life by moving out of London.    

They do still of course realise that money is required to fund the achievement of their various objectives, but the motivation to make financial plans is the achievement of the outcome, rather than pursuit of financial assets for their own sake and at all costs.    

Furthermore, those advisers who are motivated by money and financial reward -" and I do know you are out there -" would do well to remember that not everyone lives and breathes the same obsession with money and the trappings of wealth, and you should treat your clients accordingly.    

In discussions with my clients there normally has to be a detailed discussion about debt.    

While respecting the views of the business editor of The Times, I also have to query the assumption that debt, even mortgage debt, is good. Some clients do not even think that a mortgage is a debt, and few realise that the significant costs of borrowing, even in today's low interest world, is the single biggest barrier to them achieving their objectives.    

A house is a home and not an investment in the sense that few people have acquired their home simply for the purpose of selling it to raise money in the same way that they might take the profit on a portfolio of shares.    

Gill Cardy is principal of IFA Professional Partnerships    

48871572

Document FADV000020060511e25b00014


Give yourself some credit    

504 words
4 May 2006
South Wales Evening Post
SWEPOS
default
30
English
(c) 2006 South Wales Evening Post    

A New official report reveals that some of the poorest members of society are paying the most to borrow money.    

The Competition Commission says doorstep lenders overcharge by £9 for every £100 they borrow. And while mainstream loans are available for less than six per cent, people on low incomes borrowing small amounts for a short time can be charged as much as 100 per cent.    

The biggest problem for people who do not have access to bank lending is that the home credit market is dominated by just six companies, each of which has a stranglehold over its own geographical area.    

One lender, Provident Financial, accounts for well over half of all doorstep lending business.    

The Competition Commission has threatened to impose price caps if the companies do not cut their charges. But what can people do in the meantime?    

One answer is to join a credit union. These are financial co- operatives owned and controlled by their members, who pool their savings to provide funds for low-interest loans.    

Credit unions rent money from their savers and pay them a return known as an annual dividend. This money is lent out to other members, who pay interest on what they have borrowed, but at a fraction of the rates charged by doorstep lenders.    

For example, a credit union would charge just £1.62 for lending £100 over three months, or £33 to borrow £500 repaid over a year.    

There are around 400 credit unions all over Britain which are regulated by the Financial Services Authority, which also regulates banks and building societies and all other providers of financial services.    

And, like users of banks and building societies, members of credit unions with savings are protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. If a credit union went bust, the FSCS would repay the first £2,000 of savings and 90 per cent of the rest, up to £33,000.    

Since January, credit unions have been allowed to offer increased savings and loans limits - paying more to savers and lending bigger sums over longer periods.    

Some credit unions offer child trust funds and mini cash Isas, and the movement is planning to offer members debit cards and a direct debit service in partnership with the Co-operative Bank.    

All credit unions can now offer plastic cards that can be used to shop at Argos. Spending is limited by the amounted of money loaded onto each card, which earns a five per cent bonus, paid for by Argos.    

Mary Henderson, president of the UK credit union movement, said: "With increased funds to lend to people who would otherwise suffer at the hands of extortionate lenders, credit unions will make sure more and more people can control their finances."    

To find out more about credit unions, write to Abcul, Holyoake House, Hanover Street, Manchester M60 0AS, call 0161 832 3694 or visit    www.abcul.org 

For ideas to make your money go further log on to    www.thisis  money.co.uk/moneysavers    

Document SWEPOS0020060505e2540003p


News
Bigger bets boost Aegon's UK fund    

BY nicola cappin    
504 words
3 April 2006
Investment Week
NVWK
English
© Copyright 2006 Investment Week. All rights reserved.    

under adam's leadership, uk equity jumped to top quartile and is expected to keep the position in 2006    

Aegon Asset Management's equity teams have undergone a number of changes over the past few years, among which was Stephen Adams' switch from managing institutional to retail portfolios.    

Under his management, over the past year performance on the UK Equity fund, previously named UK Growth, has jumped from third to top quartile and Adams believes it is well positioned to ride 2006.    

Adams took over management of the fund in April 2004. For the three years to 13 March it made a bid to bid return of 88.8% against the UK All Companies sector average of 95.5%, which translated to a ranking of 131 out of 258 funds, according to data from Standard & Poor's.    

However, over the 12 months to the same end date it grew by 27.7% against the sector average of 21.6% and ranked 30 out of 287 funds.    

When Adams took over the fund, it underwent a period of restructuring which he said involved moving towards larger holdings.    

"We are taking larger weightings than previously, not necessarily in the largest stocks, but we have been putting more money into stocks not represented in the benchmark and increasing our holdings in the mid and small cap areas," he added.    

"We also currently have 10% of the fund in Aim-listed stocks. When I took over the fund that weighting was almost 0%."    

Stressing that the product is not tied to any particularly style Adams added that, while he looks at the FTSE All-Share, he is benchmark aware rather than benchmark driven.    

He said at the moment the majority of the fund's performance comes through stock selection though added that a quarter of its returns are probably attributable to his sectoral positions.    

"In terms of sectors I have increased my weighting to mining since I took over the fund. In particular we have been looking at precious metal stocks such as Aquarius Platinum," he said.    

He is also overweight in support services. "This is a heterogeneous sector but there are some good opportunities there at the moment," he said.    

In the main, he believes that the fund is well positioned for the year.    

"Some of the mega caps are looking more attractive and the fund has been modestly underweight in those, but that is something we are looking at going forward," he said.    

The name of the product was changed earlier this year, along with several of the firm's other retail propositions, to better reflect what it invests in.    

"We went through a process of looking at our retail fund range as we wanted to simplify it and for the names to better explain what each fund did," he said.    

"This product invests across all UK equities. This is the reason why it seemed more appropriate to call it the UK Equity fund."    

Document NVWK000020060404e2430000m

Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:39 PM
    
