 
3 Things Car Dealers Never Want to Hear You Say

David Muhlbaum, Online Editor, Kiplinger.com      
504 words
19 November 2015
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2015 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.      

Remember these words next time you are haggling at the dealership.

Most of us know that there are certain things you're supposed to do and not do when buying a car, but it can still be a struggle to put those principles into words. For the most part, car-buying remains a tough negotiation. And you're at a disadvantage: The sales representative does deals every day, and you don't. He knows what to say; you don't.

Here are three situations you're likely to face in your next car-buying adventure -- and our suggested responses, which will keep the conversation going the way you want and lead to the best price you can get.

'Thanks, I may consider your trade-in offer'

Dealerships like trade-ins. It gets them inventory for their used car lot on the cheap. So don't be surprised if you get offered money for whatever you drove to the dealership. The offer might even sound surprisingly good.

But don't bite quite yet. Your answer? "Thanks, I may consider your trade-in offer. But that's separate from how we're going to price the new car." The point is this: It's hard enough to keep track of one price as you're negotiating. Once you've gotten close to final on the new buy, you can entertain the trade-in bid. If you've done your research, you know what your car is worth and can take it or leave it.

'Let me see the invoice, please'

It's hard to buy a car without a lot of extra fees. But not all fees are created equal. When you last bought a shirt, did the store charge you to take it off the hanger? So, don't pay money for silly things like vehicle prep fees for pulling shipping plastic off your new ride and making sure it has oil in it. When the dealer tells you "everyone pays these", your line is, "Let me see the invoice, please." Legitimate fees are listed there.

'No, thank you'

Finally, you can expect to be offered all kinds of stuff once you hit the dealership's Finance and Insurance office, from window etching to protection plans for your key fobs. The line you're going to need to use here the most is simply, "No, thank you." Mud flaps, rust-proofing and paint sealants make the dealer a lot of money, but you can often get these for less elsewhere--assuming you want them in the first place. Look at a catalog such as AutoSport for accessories, or check your local detailing shop for paint sealant or fabric treatments. If you later decide you just really have to have those chrome running boards, you can always come back to the dealer.

Here are three more smart things to say at the car dealership.

Copyright 2015 The Kiplinger Washington Editors

Document KPCM000020151120ebbj00004




House to float bill to replace DOL fiduciary rule; Lawmakers release 'legislative principles' for retirement advisers

Mark Schoeff Jr.; mschoeff@investmentnews.com      
504 words
9 November 2015
Investment News
INVN
5
Volume 19; Number 40
English
(c) 2015 Crain Communications, Inc. All rights reserved.      

A bipartisan group of House members is working on a bill that would offer an alternative to a pending Labor Department proposal to raise investment advice standards for retirement accounts.

The lawmakers released what they called "legislative principles" last Thursday that will be reflected in the measure.

The principles include requiring advisers to work in their clients' best interests; providing "clear, simple and relevant disclosure of material conflicts," including compensation and fees; and preserving proprietary products, commission-based sales and annuities.

Authors of the bill - Reps. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., Richard Neal, D-Mass., Phil Roe, R-Tenn., and Michelle Lujan Grisham, D-N.M. - said they are concerned the DOL rule, which is designed to reduce advisers' conflicts of interest, would have "unintended negative consequences" for people with modest assets.

'RULE'S IMPACT'

"We acknowledge the Department of Labor's pledge to change aspects of the regulation before final issuance, but feel more must be done to adequately address concerns about the rule's impact on the ability of low- and middle-class families to save for retirement," the legislators said in a joint statement.

They added, "If a final rule has flaws, damage can be done upon the rule's release due to the immediate changes the retirement savings industry would have to make and the likelihood that those changes could limit access to services and education for those saving to retire."

A DOL spokesperson was not immediately available for comment.

It's not clear when the bill will be introduced or whether it will require the DOL to halt the rule. Mr. Neal and Ms. Grisham were among the nearly united Democratic caucus that voted against a bill Oct. 27 that would stop the DOL proposal in its tracks.

Barbara Roper, director of investor protection at the Consumer Federation of America and an advocate for the rule, said it already meets the standards outlined by the lawmakers, and that their principles are short on details. She criticized the legislative framework for emphasizing disclosure rather than mitigation of conflicts, and not mentioning enforcement mechanisms.

'INDUSTRY BIDDING'

"It sounds to me as though they are simply doing industry bidding by creating a best-interest standard in name only," Ms. Roper wrote in an email. "That has nothing to do with protecting small savers. It is all about protecting industry's bottom line."

The DOL proposal was released in April with White House backing and has gone through two comment periods and four days of hearings. A final rule is expected early next year so it can be finalized before the Obama administration leaves office.

Proponents say advice standards must be raised in order to protect investors from high-fee products that erode retirement savings. The industry argues the rule will significantly increase liability risk and regulatory costs for brokers, making advice more expensive to give and receive.

Twitter: @markschoeff

Document INVN000020151112ebb900006


Long-Term Interest Rates to Stay Low Despite Fed Moves

David Payne, Staff Economist, The Kiplinger Letter      
504 words
30 October 2015
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2015 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.      

Kiplinger's latest forecast on interest rates..article ul.kip-eo-mlinks { color: #ccc; margin: 1em 0 1em; padding: 0; } article ul.kip-eo-mlinks li { display: inline-block; font-family: 'Open Sans'; font-size: 14px; padding: 0 0 5px 0; } article ul.kip-eo-mlinks a { display: inline-block; padding: 2px 10px; background-color: #e7e7e7; } article ul.kip-eo-mlinks a:hover { text-decoration: none; background-color: #ccc; } article ul.kip-eo-mlinks a.active { background-color: #A3D1E8; } @media only screen and (min-width: 628px) { ul.kip-eo-mlinks { display: none; } }

GDP

Unemployment

Interest Rates

Inflation

Business Spending

Energy

Housing

Retail Sales

Trade Deficit

Long-term interest rates should end the year at about 2.3%, just a bit above where they are now. They will get a slight bump up when the Federal Reserve raises short-term rates in December for the first time since the recession. And 30-year fixed rate mortgages will wind up at 4.0% at the end of this year, versus 3.9% now. By the end of 2016, two expected Fed rate increases should push the 10-year Treasury bond rate to 2.7% and the 30-year mortgage rate to 4.4%.

See Also: All Our Economic Outlooks

Long-term rates will stay relatively low because U.S. Treasuries will continue to be attractive, given that:

Consumer prices in the U.S. are unlikely to rev up much anytime soon. Although energy prices could bounce back a bit, the Fed tends to discount these. Prices excluding food and energy have been fairly stable at about 1.6% to 1.9% for several years now, and the rise in the dollar will keep prices for imported commodities lower.

China's growth is likely to continue slowing, keeping its central bank committed to easier monetary policy. It recently cut its main interest rate for the sixth time in less than a year.

The European Central Bank will stay on its expansionary path, despite improving growth in Europe. The ECB intends to keep buying 60 billion euros' worth of bonds a month until September 2016, a substantial share of the Eurobond market. Likewise, Japan's central bank will continue its easing policies.

The Fed won't want to further boost the value of the dollar by making it even more attractive with higher rates, so it will be sparing with rate increases.

We expect the Federal Reserve to bump up short-term interest rates by a quarter-point at its December 16 meeting. But we don't see a second hike until several months later. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has signaled that the Fed won't increase rates at every meeting, as it did between 2004 and 2006 under former Chair Alan Greenspan. Yellen wants to be able to evaluate the impact of each hike before pulling the trigger on the next one.

Copyright 2015 The Kiplinger Washington Editors

Document KPCM000020151102ebau00008




'Â£44,000 PREMIUM' FOR HOME BUYERS TO LIVE IN THE COUNTRYSIDE

504 words
30 October 2015
09:33 PM
Press Association Regional Newswire - South East
PARSOE
English
(c)2015, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

Home buyers pay a premium of nearly £44,000 typically to live in the countryside, according to a report, with Tandridge in Surrey named as the least affordable rural district in Britain.

At £236,971 on average, a home in a rural area costs £43,490 or more than a fifth (22%) more than a property in a town or a city, according to the Halifax Rural Housing Review.

It said the gap is making it difficult for first-time buyers on average incomes in southern England in particular to get a foothold on the property ladder.

Across Britain, the biggest urban/rural house price gap was found in the West Midlands, where it costs 50% or £84,610 more to live in the countryside.

Buyers looking to live in a rural setting end up paying around seven times their annual earnings for a home, while city dwellers will pay 5.9 times their annual wage for a property typically, according to the report, which excluded London from the findings.

At £433,932, the typical house price in Tandridge costs 10.8 times local average earnings.

Buyers looking for value may want to consider Copeland in west Cumbria, which was identified as the most affordable rural district in Britain. A property there costs around £140,364, setting someone back 3.7 times the local average wage.

The research also found that first-time buyers make up 42% of house purchases with a mortgage in rural areas, compared with 54% in urban areas.

There were huge variations across the country, with first-time buyers making up nearly two-thirds (62%) of purchases in Pendle in Lancashire compared with just 20% of purchases in Purbeck in the South West.

Craig McKinlay, mortgage director at Halifax, said: "Many home owners aspire to live in the countryside, attracted by the prospect of a better quality of life, open space and a cleaner environment.

"However, realisation of this dream comes at a cost with average property values typically over a fifth higher than in urban areas.

"A side-effect of rising property values is that housing affordability has become an increasing concern in many rural areas. This is particularly true in the South where those on average incomes find it very difficult to enter the market."

A spokesman for the Department for Communities and Local Government (DCLG) said: "We want to ensure that anyone who works hard and aspires to own their own home can turn their dream into a reality.

"We are making this happen by delivering 200,000 Starter Homes at a 20% discount - and we will change planning rules so that where there is local support, they can be built in rural villages.

"We have got Britain building again and latest figures show that new homes are up by 9% on this time last year, with more than 85,000 high quality affordable homes built in the past five years in rural areas."

ends

Document PARSOE0020151030ebau0008d


DWP select committee launches inquiry into introduction of state pension

Michael Klimes      
504 words
28 October 2015
Professional Pensions
PROFPEN
English
© 2015 Incisive Media Investments Limited, published by Incisive Financial Publishing Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 04252091 & 04252093      

The introduction of the state pension from April 2016 will be scrutinised through an inquiry by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) select committee.

MP Frank Field who chairs the select committee said there needed to be clarity for people about how they would be affected by changes once they claimed their pension.

Complexities arising out of the transition from the current system to the single tier state pension were raised in July when the government published a 26-point fact sheet outlining the transitional arrangements for people who had been contracted-out.

Field said: "There is a sense that government has somewhat moved the goalposts in retirement savings without providing enough information about what are, in the end, complex changes, and a risk that some people may face a shock when they come to claim their pension.

"It is important that groups most affected by the changes receive targeted communications that highlight the options available to them."

One group of people who felt especially aggrieved by the reforms were women born between 1951 and 1953, he added.

Hargreaves Lansdown head of retirement policy Tom McPhail added: "The state pension reforms will ultimately lead to a simpler, more equal system and no one disputes that the transition from the current system to the new one will involve complex adjustments.

"What is incomprehensible though is that until recently the DWP seems not to have made any meaningful plans to communicate these changes to the people who are actually affected by them."

Tips for DWP to help people understand state pension

Create a number of online tools which will:

- Allow anyone of any age to log in and see what their own personal state pension entitlement is, based on their national insurance (NI) history to date.

- Explore what their state pension entitlement is under the old and new systems so they can see how the changes will affect them.

- See what gaps they have in their NI history.

- Show both the cost of buying the extra state pension and also what additional income they would be entitled to as a consequence.

- Explore the cost and benefit of deferring their state pension for a period of time. This should include a life-expectancy forecaster and a 'payoff' projection so they could see how long they would have to live for to benefit.

- Forecast how much their state pension will increase by in the future if they work and pay NI between now and state pension age.

- Run through the contracted out deduction which is applied to state pension entitlements so people can see how much of their state pension is (at least theoretically) being replaced by their private pension

In addition the government could:

- Abolish the requirement to pay full rate NI once you have qualified for the full state pension.

- Train DWP employees to able to talk to people and explain how all this works.

Source: Hargreaves Lansdown.

To view photo, click here.

Document PROFPEN020151028ebas00008




NATIONAL NEWS
CBI warns of added costs from pensions 'tinkering'; Regulatory changes

By Naomi Rovnick      
504 words
26 October 2015
Financial Times
FTFT
London Ed1
02
English
Copyright 2015 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

"Constant tinkering" with pensions rules is saddling British business with unmanageable cost and compliance burdens, company chiefs have warned.

The CBI employers' group surveyed 160 businesses employing more than half a million people and found that eight of out 10 executives think the government should stop making changes to the pensions regime, following a series of complex reforms.

Business leaders are also concerned staff may stop saving for their retirement if tax benefits continue to be eroded as pensions become more complicated, the CBI found.

"Recent regulatory changes, coupled with auto-enrolment and state pension reform, mean UK business leaders now crave stability," said Neil Carberry, the CBI's director of employment and skills.

"Businesses want to focus on ensuring employees are making the most of what's on offer, but there is clear concern about regulatory changes eroding incentives to save, which must be avoided at all costs."

Recent changes to the pensions regime include the requirement for employees to be automatically enrolled in company pension schemes instead of being able to opt out, a policy introduced by the coalition government. This is being extended to companies with fewer than 30 employees, as well as people with household staff.

Pension freedoms were also creating a human resources burden, the CBI said, as company leaders tried to ensure their older staff did not spend their pension pots early and face hanging on to their jobs when they should have retired.

"Even at this early stage it is clear that succession planning is likely to become more difficult," the CBI said.

"The challenge the pensions freedoms bring for businesses is that employees risk not being able to afford to retire if they choose to spend a significant chunk of their pension pot on reaching 55 years of age while remaining in their jobs."

Companies are grappling with " pensions freedoms " that allow over-55s to cash in their annuities and also the move, planned for next year, to replace the current, multi-faceted statepension regime with a single plan.

According to the CBI, the cost of running auto-enrolment processes has been higher than expected for those companies already in the programme. The employers' group was concerned, it said in a report accompanying its survey, that smaller companies would "struggle with the process" and have difficulties with "ongoing compliance".

Other recent changes had had a "worrying impact", the CBI reported, such as the maximum amount that could be saved in a pension pot tax-free coming down from £1.8m in 2011 to a proposed £1m next year.

This development, the CBI said, meant businesses were worried employees would not see the value of saving into a pension. This was also reducing companies' ability to use pensions as their "core recruitment, retention and motivation tool".

The survey found 80 per cent of business leaders are urging the government not to make any more changes to the system of pension tax relief.

Document FTFT000020151026ebaq0000j




Money
Keys to keeping lid on spending

Sally Patten      
504 words
21 October 2015
The Age
AGEE
First
7
English
© 2015 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited.      www.theage.com.au

Her Money

Each week Fairfax personal finance editor Sally Patten will point out the steps women can take to secure their financial future.

If you are not across your household's financial statements, you should be.

That is the advice of Claire Mackay, an adviser at Quantum Financial.

The reason is simple. "If you don't know where you spend money, you won't know where you can save." And why is this so important?

You might think that being wealthy, or at least comfortably off, depends on what you earn, but in fact, argues this financial adviser, there is more to it. Being wealthy depends on how much you spend.

"My wealthiest clients know exactly where all their money goes," Mackay says. She adds that invariably clients can find ways to reduce their spending if they need to, even if it is changing to a cheaper mobile phone plan or reviewing their electricity, gas or insurance arrangements.

There are two things you need to understand about your finances. The first is the so-called balance sheet, which shows what investments you own and how much debt, or borrowings, you have.

The investments might be an investment property, shares, money in a bank account or superannuation savings. The debt you owe might be a mortgage, any debt on your credit cards or other car or personal loans.

The balance sheet part is important when it comes to retirement because you will need to rely on these investments to support you when you are no longer earning a salary.

The other area of your finances that you should be on top of is the day-to-day stuff; in other words, your monthly or annual income and your expenses.

When you think of your salary, don't think about it in gross terms, but the amount you receive after tax and super contributions have been deducted - your net salary.

When calculating your expenses, you should include everything from groceries and your daily coffee bill to your expenditure on rates, entertainment, clothing, car insurance and your telecommunications.

Longer term, the idea is to arrange your income and expenses in such a way to allow you to shift the money you receive via your salary to the investments that appear on the household balance sheet - although in the shorter term the money may be shifted to separate holiday or school fee accounts.

Once you are retired, you won't want to have much debt hanging around, so the idea is to gradually pay down borrowings.

The bottom line is you need to understand your financial position - what is going on in terms of your assets and borrowings, income and expenses. Ultimately you need to know if you are converting income into assets.The information in this article should not be taken as financial advice. Please consider your personal circumstances before making any financial decisions.

Twitter: @sallympatten

? Readers can also visit anz.com/women

Document AGEE000020151020ebal0002m




Life
How Much Retirement Income Will You Need? Maybe Less Than You Think; New research calls the venerable 80% income-replacement rule into question

By Robert Powell      
504 words
19 October 2015
01:02 PM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2015 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

New research indicates that retirees-especially in higher income brackets-might need to replace less of their pre-retirement income than they think.

Financial planners have long suggested that individuals replace 80% of their income in retirement from various sources to maintain the same standard of living they had while working.

But in a recent article in Research magazine, Michael Finke, a professor at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, notes that the rule doesn't necessarily reflect how a person's income grows while he or she is working-nor how expenses change and even decline in retirement. What's more, the guideline focuses on gross income rather than take-home pay.

Consider: In retirement, you likely no longer contribute to Social Security, Medicare and your retirement account. That means your replacement rate is down to no more than 77% of your final year's salary-or 60% or less if you use average lifetime income, Prof. Finke says.

If you subtract other expenses-commuting and a lower federal income-tax bill (assuming you're in a lower tax bracket in retirement than you were in your working years)-the replacement rate falls lower still.

"The 80% rule is wrong because it's too simplistic," Prof. Finke says. "Most of us don't want to replace our gross income. We want to replace our paycheck."

The guideline, he adds, is especially distorted for high-income Americans.

"The highest 20% of earners aren't even spending half of their gross income," he says. "So if you think they need 80% of their gross income, then they'd have to spend more in retirement than they'd ever spent during their working years-and this doesn't sound like a good life plan."

So, what's a better way to figure out how much income you need?

First, if you're at, or very near, retirement, you can use your actual target consumption, says David Blanchett, head of retirement research at Morningstar Investment Management, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Chicago-based fund-research company Morningstar Inc. For those still several years or more from leaving the office, the key is pinpointing what specific expenses will change at retirement and adjusting one's replacement rate accordingly. "A household that is saving 20% of their pay, for example, in a 401(k) needs to replace a lower percentage of their final pay than one saving only 5% because they are used to living off less," Mr. Blanchett says.

Prof. Finke adds: "Most of the wealthiest retirees don't spend down their money at all. This means that if they didn't want to give it to their kids they could have had a lot more fun when they were younger."

Mr. Powell is the editor of Retirement Weekly, a service of MarketWatch.com. Email him at reports@wsj.com.

Document WSJO000020151019ebaj0015v


UpFront
Health Care on a Budget

Lee Barney      
504 words
1 October 2015
Plan Sponsor
PLNSPR
English
© 2015. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

The impact medical costs will have in retirement.

"We talk about all aspects of what participants will need in retirement," says Michael Woomer, senior vice president of institutional and retirement plan services at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "People basically understand they will be facing health care costs, but they don't understand how big the impact will be, so we tell participants how important it is to save as much as they can."

A recent report from the National Association of Government Defined Contribution (DC) Administrators estimates that a 65-year-old couple retiring today should expect to spend $220,000 on health care over the course of a 20-year retirement. Woomer says the costs could range from $150,000 to $400,000.

It is far more important for plan advisers to discuss health care costs in retirement than it is to talk about lifestyle goals, says Mary McDougall, a Merrill Lynch financial adviser in St. Paul, Minnesota. The premiums and out-of-pocket expenses will range from $10,000 to $20,000 a year, she says. "The expenses are a lot more than they expect."

"I would hope that advisers are not refraining from having this conversation," says Scott Laue, a financial adviser with Savant Capital Management in Rockford, Illinois. "As a certified financial planner [CFP], we are required to disclose both the good and the bad."

The trend toward high-deductible health care plans paired with health savings accounts (HSAs) is bringing the subject of health care costs-pre- and post-retirement-to the fore, says Shelby George, vice president, adviser services, at Manning & Napier in Rochester, New York. Just like the movement from pensions to defined contribution plans, employers are moving toward high-deductible plans, which put more of the onus on participants, and "are encouraging advisers to talk about [those coming expenses] more in their education materials."

Advisers are also increasingly encouraging participants to invest in HSAs. "This is one area that participants can use to save above and beyond the retirement plan," Woomer says.

Even for participants with more than $5 million in liquid assets-the market advised by Frank Migliazzo, managing director, private wealth advisers at Merrill Lynch in Troy, Michigan-health care costs are a concern. Migliazzo notes that Merrill Lynch research has found that, over the last 30 years, health care costs have risen an average of 6 percentage points above inflation each year.

Merrill Lynch has also found that many people will end up in a nursing home, he adds. For 65-year-olds, there is a 15% chance they will need to be placed in a care facility. At age 85, that possibility rises to 55%, and at age 90, it increases to 70%. Migliazzo's clients are also worried about dementia. As a result, many are buying long-term-care insurance.

The report found that Medicare covers 62% of health care costs, but the individual is responsible for the remaining 38%.

Document PLNSPR0020151020eba10003e




Money
I'm a first-time buyer confused by mortgage options

Virginia Wallis      
504 words
17 September 2015
05:03 PM
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2015.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved.      

I've been offered a few interest rates and wonder how fixing the rates would affect my mortgage

Q I'm currently looking for a mortgage to buy my first house and I'm very confused as there are so many options.

I have a few mortgage advisers offering me interest rates of between 4.8% and 5.2% for a five-year fixed rate. Are these good?

Is it better to fix it for shorter period and pay a lower interest rate? If I fix it for two years, will the interest rate go up? AP

A On the face of it, those interest rates seem pretty high especially given the fact that we've been enjoying several months of record low fixed interest rates.

Even if you got a mortgage of 90% of the value of a property, financial firm Moneyfacts says you could get a five-year fixed rate of 3.39% from Yorkshire Bank and a slightly higher 3.79% from Post Office Money. These are both a lot lower than the rates that you have been quoted.

However, if the figures of 4.8% and 5.2% that you have given are annual percentage rates (APR), they don't seem so bad. The APR gives you a way of comparing mortgage deals which takes into account all the costs of the mortgage including fees as well as the mortgage interest rate and the rate that the mortgage will revert to once the fixed rate is over. The APR for the Yorkshire Bank deal - which has an arrangement fee of £999 - is 4.5% while the APR on the Post Office Money offering - which has no fee - is 4.3%.

You are right in thinking that you'll be charged a lower rate of interest if you fix for a shorter amount of time. Again with a 90% mortgage, if you fixed for just two years, you would pay 2.39% with the Yorkshire Bank and 2.49% at the Loughborough building society.

The APRs are higher at 4.6% and 4.7% respectively, and if you only fix for two years you may have to pay a fee for a new deal afterwards, so the overall cost could be cheaper on a five-year deal.

Going for the shorter fix doesn't make it more likely that the interest rate will go up. Interest rates will go up or down whether you fix for two years or five. The question you need to ask yourself is whether you want the certainty of knowing that your mortgage payments won't change for five years or whether you are happy to take a gamble that interest rates generally won't have risen - as they are generally predicted to do - by too much in two years' time.

Muddled about mortgages? Concerned about conveyancing? Email your homebuying and borrowing worries to Virginia Wallis at  virginia.wallis.freelance@theguardian.com 

Document GRDN000020150917eb9h001e9




Industry
How Clients Can Stay on Track With Boomerang Kid: Retirement Scan

504 words
14 September 2015
Financial Planning Online
FPLFO
Vol.1, No.1
English
(c) 2015 Financial Planning and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved.      

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

How clients can stay on track with a boomerang kidParents can accept a returning adult child into their house without hurting their retirement prospects by engaging their child in a discussion on financial responsibility early on, according to this article on USA Today. They also need to be honest to their child about their own financial goals, particularly their retirement plan, and to help him or her financially but with a guarantee that the child will pay them back. Support should be limited only to necessary expenses and parents and their child should agree on how long he or she will stay with them.  --USA Today

How retirement nest eggs are being nickel-and-dimed by feesRetirements savers could have additional $155,000 in their 401(k) plans if they find ways to reduce the fees, according to this article in U.S. News & World Report. A study by Demos found that 401(k) fees paid by a median-income, two-earner household in their lifetime could be nearly one-third their investment returns. The federal government has developed new rules to make fee disclosure more transparent, but many experts believe these measures are inadequate.  --Yahoo Finance

Five mistakes clients should avoidPeople who are planning for retirement are advised to have a good estimate of the amount of savings they will need to cover their needs in the golden years, according to this article on MarketWatch. They also need to avoid making the mistake of underestimating health care and long-term care costs and filing for Social Security retirement benefits earlier. Many investors do nothing to reduce their retirement plan fees and take no action to diversify or rebalance their investment portfolios, which have to be avoided when engaging in retirement planning.  --MarketWatch

Market slump hits corporate pensionsDefined-benefit pension plans saw their aggregate funding levels dropped to 81% from 83% at the end of last year based on estimates from Goldman Sachs Asset Management, according to this article in The Wall Street Journal. The decline can be attributed to the recent volatility in the stock markets, said Michael Moran, senior pension strategist with Goldman Sachs. Recent movements could prompt companies to "revisit their asset allocation, investment policy and hedging strategy."  --The Wall Street Journal

Can the 'great wealth transfer' save a client's retirement?Wealth transfer through inheritances does not help much in improving people's retirement readiness, according to a study by the Boston College's Center for Retirement Research. Only less than 1% of households claimed that getting an inheritance from a loved one helped secure their retirement, the study found. It is because most beneficiaries "weren't at risk in the first place," said Alicia Munnell, the center's director.  --CNBC

Read more:

* Betterment Enters 401(k) Space

* Companies Embrace Customized Target-Date Funds Retirement Plans

* Fiduciary Proposal on Aggressive Track

Document FPLFO00020150914eb9e000jh




News
What a nest egg! Mogul leaves 100G . . . to her cockatiels

Julia Marsh      
504 words
5 September 2015
New York Post
NYPO
All Editions
6
English
(c) 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.      

A late Manhattan entrepreneur who pioneered direct mailing with her "rich list" left $100,000 to her 32 cockatiels - with nitpicky instructions on how to care for the birds.

Leslie Ann Mandel, who was married to Arthur Herzog, author of the sci-fi thriller "The Swarm," named her stepson, Matthew Herzog, as trustee of the pet fund.

Her will lovingly lists each of the birds - Wheetie, Port, Blackie, Zippy, Tara, Zara, Shasha, Pigeon, Victory, Alie, Zack 12, Dart, Cubby, Max, Baby, Ruthie, Pumpkin, Tattoo, Susie, Tracy, Margie, Sammy, Angel, Inky, Sara, Tundra, Tanteleah, Eva, Cody, Nicki, Avis and Dragon - and asks that the birds "continue to live in the aviary" in her $4 million East Hampton property.

As an alternative, they can be moved to "a protected place of similar size and dimension, made of the same materials, without a cage, for the rest of their natural lives," the will says.

Mandel adds explicit instructions for their weekly maintenance.

"It is my wish that the birds be fed and the building cleaned each Monday and Thursday and their food shall be purchased from Avi-Cakes, carrots, water and popcorn," the will states.

Avi-Cakes are a brand of natural birdfeed. A 20-pound bag costs $115.

Almost as an afterthought, Mandel says the cockatiels should share the $100,000 trust with her rescue dog, Frosty, and her cat, Kiki.

She provides no directions for their care and says the trustee can use his "judgment and discretion" on how to spend the money on them.

Mandel, who never had children of her own, died in June at age 69 after being admitted to the hospital with kidney stones.

She ran The Rich List Company, a fund-raising firm that, at one time, had the largest private mailing list in the country, according to her obituary in The East Hampton Star.

While Mandel meticulously planned for her pets' lives after her death, she wasn't as careful about how the rest of her $5.3 million fortune would be spent.

A 2005 will left everything to Arthur Herzog, or to his son Matthew if Arthur died before her.

But Mandel crossed out Matthew's name in 2006 and replaced it with her sister Avis Mandel's.

When Mandel died Avis, 67, a Napa winery owner, submitted the marked-up will to Manhattan Surrogate's Court claiming the original was "obliterated."

Avis' attorney, John Morken, said that the notated will is not valid but that Avis and her other sister, Tracy, are entitled to the money anyway as her living relatives.

Matthew Herzog declined to comment.

The parties are due in court next month.

For the birds: Cockatiels - some of the 32 that belonged to the late Leslie Ann Mandel (below with cat Kiki) - perch in their special aviary at her East Hampton home on Friday. Mandel, who died in June, left a trust fund and detailed instructions for their continued care. [VictorAlcorn.com]      

Document NYPO000020150907eb950001f




Globe Investor
Sprott snaps up a star portfolio manager

By CLARE O'HARA      
504 words
2 September 2015
The Globe and Mail
GLOB
Ontario
B8
English
©2015 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Streetwise

Sprott Asset Management is putting newly hired portfolio manager Dennis Mitchell at the helm of its push to offer new investment products with a focus on global equities.

"We think we will have a very quick ramp with Dennis and he has a very strong following across the country," Sprott CEO John Wilson told The Globe and Mail.

"Global equities is a category we feel is underserved on our platform and an area where Dennis can bring very meaningful business to us, in a very short period of time."

Mr. Mitchell, who has joined Sprott as senior portfolio manager and senior vice-president, has been a well-known figure within the investment community for the past decade.

Prior to joining Sprott, Mr. Mitchell was chief investment officer for Sentry Investments, where he also managed the Sentry Global Growth and Income Fund/Class and Sentry Global Balanced Income Fund.

"Dennis and I have known each other for a couple years and he was, in our view, an untouchable component of Sentry Investments," Mr. Wilson said. "When he became available, it was much too great an opportunity for us to pass up."

Mr. Wilson said he hopes to have new products on Sprott's shelf by the beginning of 2016.

The reason for Mr. Mitchell's sudden departure from Sentry remains unknown.

"Both sides have decided we are just going to move on and I have a ton of respect for the management at Sentry," Mr. Mitchell said.

"After 10 years with them, I am proud of everything I have accomplished."

In his new role, Mr. Mitchell plans to continue his interaction with investors.

"I envision I will be just as vocal with my message," Mr. Mitchell said in an interview. "I enjoy spreading the gospel of what we are trying to do. I am extremely passionate about money management and when you are passionate about something this much, you certainly want to share it with people."

Mr. Mitchell is known for his expertise in managing global equity, infrastructure and REIT funds, all areas in which Sprott is looking to expand its offerings. Sprott has been transitioning its business model over the past several years, with a big focus on moving away from resource-focused funds.

"The non-resource part of our business is now much larger than the resource part of our business," Mr. Wilson said. "Specifically, we have heard a lot of requests from clients that they want to see more options in global opportunity."

Analysts see the hiring of Mr. Mitchell as a positive move for Sprott.

"The hiring is on strategy. With Mr. Mitchell's experience in managing global equity, infrastructure and REIT funds, we expect further product launches over the near term," wrote research analysts with Desjardins Capital Markets in a report released Tuesday. "A well-regarded portfolio manager, Mr. Mitchell is also seen as a good fund marketer, which could benefit Sprott's mutual fund sales."

Document GLOB000020150902eb9200025


Pictet multi-asset trio: How we weathered the 'Black Monday' storm ; Team eying EM opportunities

Anna Fedorova      
504 words
1 September 2015
Investment Week
NVWK
English
© 2015 Incisive Media Investments Limited, published by Incisive Financial Publishing Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 04252091 & 04252093      

The managers of the FP Pictet Multi Asset Portfolio have made a number of bold asset allocation moves since the fund launched in June, including drastically reducing equity holdings in time to avoid the worst of the 'Black Monday' sell-off.

In their first interview since the fund launched, the managers told Investment Week they cut the fund's equity weighting from an initial 55% to 20%, in anticipation of worsening conditions in Asian and global markets.

Andrew Cole, senior investment manager, said: "[Investors] need to make meaningful changes to their asset allocation to protect against the recent sell-off. Our long term average allocation to equities may be 60%, but sometimes we will want a good deal less.

"We started reducing equities in June as we expected something to happen in China. The unpegging of the currency was a big signal for us."

Former Barings trio Percival Stanion, Cole, and Shaniel Ramjee joined Pictet last year to lead a push into the multi-asset space at a time when investors are struggling to navigate increasingly volatile markets.

The managers remain positive on Japanese and European stocks on a long-term view, but Cole said "owning equities is what will hurt you in the summer, so get rid of them".

Cash move

This decision, along with their zero allocation to emerging markets, has helped the trio mitigate losses, as global markets plummeted last week on growing concerns over slowing growth in China.

Instead, they moved into cash and long-dated gilts, which has helped performance, as has their allocation to unhedged Japanese equities as the yen strengthened.

"Having a fairly concentrated portfolio can help focus on things that can do you damage," Cole said. "Equities should offer higher returns, but that is because they are dangerous."

The new multi-asset fund has a minimum allocation of zero to all asset classes to allow the team maximum flexibility, and it does not employ leverage, financial engineering or long/short strategies. "Risk models are unstable and inevitably blow up from time to time," the team said. "That is why you need a qualitative approach."

China response

But Cole said the time to put high cash levels to work is "on the horizon", and the recent sell-off may even see the managers make their first foray into emerging markets for the new vehicle.

"There may be an opportunity to buy some emerging markets and cyclical sectors, as they have had the biggest and most significant rerating," he said.

"Some time before the end of September, we will see a buying opportunity. But whether we participate in that will depend on policy responses in China."

In particular the team is eyeing Brazil, which it said is on its radar if the currency stabilises. Cole said: "Its policies and economy look ugly, but with the most successful investments there has to be an element of worry."

To view photo, click here.

Document NVWK000020150901eb9100001




PLANNING TO USE KIWISAVER IN RETIREMENT

Rob Stock      
504 words
1 September 2015
The Press (Christchurch)
THEPRE
7
English
© 2015 Fairfax New Zealand Limited. All Rights Reserved.      

A quarter of people approaching retirement haven't worked out what they will do with their KiwiSaver nest eggs.

Of those who do know, nearly six in 10 intend to leave some or all of the savings in their KiwiSaver accounts and withdraw money as and when they need it.

KiwiSaver is still relatively young, so the amounts saved are not yet life-changing, but it seems only 17 per cent plan to pull out all of their money when they reach 65.

The rest have either come to see KiwiSaver as a longer-term investment which they will keep after they reach 65 (57 per cent) or simply don't know yet (26 per cent).

Next year, about a quarter of people over 65 will be continuing to work despite having started to receive NZ Super.

That's expected to rise to nearly one in three by the mid- 2020s.

With wages still coming in and NZ Super on top, many older workers are able to leave their KiwiSaver untouched, and even contribute money to it, though their employers are no longer obligated to chip in with employer contributions.

KiwiSaver providers are beginning to promote KiwiSaver as a tool for managing money in retirement, allowing people to draw down on their balances slowly over time, thereby turning it into a regular income stream.

The survey was carried out by Colmar Brunton and paid for by the Commission for Financial Capability (CFFC) and the Financial Markets Authority (FMA), which released it to coincide with Money Week.

The two organisations have been researching how well older New Zealanders are preparing for retirement. They've found a mixed picture with some very well prepared, but many others unlikely to lead more than a most basic existence after they stop work, getting by on NZ Super and little else.

The survey found room for KiwiSaver providers to provide more advice.

Only 53 per cent of KiwiSavers felt the information offered by providers was useful for working out how big a lump sum they'd need to generate the income they would need in retirement.

Roughly the same proportion (49 per cent) felt it was helpful in making decisions about their retirement savings.

FMA spokeswoman Simone Robbers said the message from KiwiSaver members was that they wanted to get the right kind of information and resources, in a way that was easy to understand. "We'll continue to work with providers to ensure there is quality information available and it is more accessible.

"It's critical that people take some time to consider how best to preserve and use their hard- earned lump sum when they reach 65."

David Boyle, the CFFC's manager of investor education, said: "It is pleasing to see half those members who have access to their funds today view KiwiSaver as an investment option not just for saving for retirement, but to generate some additional growth and income during the years they are in retirement."

Document THEPRE0020150831eb910001l


Business
AXA Wealth marks fifth birthday with Mayoral visit

Richard Garfield      
504 words
28 August 2015
Basingstoke Gazette
NQTGF
English
© Copyright 2015 Newsquest Digital Media      

AXA Wealth marked its fifth anniversary with a visit from the Mayor of Basingstoke and Deane.

Employees at the investment and retirement specialist gave Cllr Anne Court a warm welcome as she toured the office in Winterthur Way.

Back in 2010 the company was known as AXA Winterthur Wealth Management.

The Winterthur Way office became the head office of AXA Wealth after AXA Group sold its UK life business to investment firm Resolution, but kept its wealth management business.

During the celebration visit Cllr Court congratulated AXA Wealth on developing the culture within the business that helped the Sunday Times recognise AXA as one of the best big companies to work for in the UK, earlier this year, placing the company in 19 th position - up three places on last year.

The judging criteria for the accolade, based on employee feedback, included support for local communities, the range of products and support on offer and the benefits provided to employees.

AXA scored well across the board and prides itself on giving employees access to the things that mean a lot to them and make a difference to their work and home life, such as childcare vouchers, holiday purchase and discounted gym membership.

Cllr Court spoke with some of the 400 employees based at the offcie, about their achievements, such as representing AXA Wealth in a variety of sporting events at the UK Corporate Games, the support they have for professional development, fundraising for local charities and being part of AXA's Graduate Programme.

"It was a pleasure to visit AXA Wealth recently and have the opportunity to meet with so many of its employees," said Cllr Court.

"One thing that came across was that they enjoy working there and really appreciate all of the opportunities they're given, not only in their work, but also getting involved to make such a big difference to our local community. "Congratulations to all of them for raising so much money for our local charities, they should all be proud."

Chief executive officer Mike Kellard said: "It's our employees that make AXA Wealth such a great place to work and it's about so much more than just a job.

"It's having a diverse workforce, flexible working, making it easier for people to work and play.

"For example we have a sports and social club run by employees who arrange social events and onsite workout classes.

"And it doesn't stop there. A large part of AXA Wealth's culture comes from our employees wanting to make a difference to the local community and supporting charities.

"This year, to date, they have raised nearly £70,000 for local charities.

"I'm so proud that AXA Wealth and its employees got the chance to show Cllr Court all of the work we do.

"As a financial services business, we are committed to creating a healthier, wealthier and sustainable society and that starts with our people here."

Document NQTGF00020150828eb8s00001




Globe Investor
'Maximum pessimism' for the loonie? Not quite

By SCOTT BARLOW      
504 words
22 August 2015
The Globe and Mail
GLOB
Ontario
B13
English
©2015 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

sbarlow@globeandmail.com

Inside the Market

Where the loonie is concerned, global futures markets have reached what has marked, in other times, "the point of maximum pessimism" - a phrase coined by Sir John Templeton describing the perfect time to buy an asset.

The big question for Canadians is whether the economic backdrop has deteriorated far enough that maximum pessimism, as measured by hedge fund positioning, is actually far lower than current levels.

The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) issues a weekly report detailing futures positioning in a wide variety of asset classes including currencies, commodities and bonds.

The "non-commercial" section of the report is widely used as a proxy for speculative, hedge fund futures positioning.

The top chart shows the net hedge fund positioning - simply the number of long, bullish futures contracts minus the number of bearish futures positions - on the Canadian dollar, compared with the value of the loonie in U.S. dollar terms.

Hedge funds are now net short by 66,000 contracts on the Canadian dollar as of Friday's CFTC report. This is very close to the peaks of speculative pessimism reached in April, 2013 and January, 2014.

It is tempting to call the extent of negative sentiment on the loonie "excessive" and a sign of a market bottom and subsequent rally.

In the near term, the oil price will determine whether this is the case or not.

The domestic currency has closely tracked the West Texas intermediate crude price in the past five years and the profound weakness in the oil market is putting significant downward pressure on the loonie.

It is likely that the Canadian dollar will remain weak until the crude price recovers. The lower chart shows that the previous two periods of severe hedge fund bearishness - April, 2013, and January, 2014 - also marked a temporary bottom on the oil price (although at prices far higher than today).

Short positions on the loonie are likely to continue to pile on, driving the currency lower, until the oil price recovers.

In the next few weeks, refineries will be shutting down for maintenance and retooling, and this will almost definitely cause a sharp drop in immediate oil demand. The crude price, and by extension the Canadian dollar, are unlikely to recover until this process runs its course.

Citigroup analyst Seth Kleinman was in the news Wednesday predicting that a return to the $32.40-(U.S.)-per-barrel low during the financial crisis is a "conceivable reality."

Finance author and columnist Gary Shilling is predicting an oil price between $10 and $20 per barrel.

These are just two guesses among many, but they do provide an indication of the extent of downward momentum for the oil price.

The good news is that the refinery-led shortage in oil demand is temporary and will only last a few weeks. Before it ends, however, Canadians should be very careful about calling a bottom in the Canadian dollar.

Document GLOB000020150822eb8m00024




Globe Investor
Banks that can benefit from higher rates

By CHARLES MARTIN      
504 words
12 August 2015
The Globe and Mail
GLOB
Ontario
B11
English
©2015 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Number Cruncher

What are we looking for?

Solid U.S. July jobs numbers were released last Friday, signalling that a central bank rate hike in September is becoming a likely scenario. Rising rates are a positive indicator for financial companies that earn revenue based on the difference of the interest income generated from loans to their cost on borrowed funds, called net interest margin (NIM). I am looking for U.S. banks that could benefit from a hike in interest rates.

The screen

I looked for U.S. financial companies with a market capitalization of at least $2-billion (U.S.), a positive NIM and a price-toearnings ratio of less than 20.

As a requirement for financial institutions after the financial crisis, the Tier 1 capital ratio is used as a core measure of a bank's financial strength. It is calculated by the ratio of a bank's core equity capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The minimum requirement by law is 6 per cent; for our screen, I required a ratio of at least 12 per cent.

As a measure of relative valuation, I filtered for banks that had a price-to-book (P/B) ratio of less than 1.6. The P/B ratio compares the market value of a company's stock with the total value of the assets carried on its balance sheet. A ratio less than 2 can mean that a company is relatively undervalued. To gauge how well banks manage their overhead costs as a percentage of total revenues, analysts use the bank efficiency ratio, favouring a lower number.

For our screen, I looked for companies of less than 60 per cent.

More about Thomson Reuters Thomson Reuters (thomsonreuters.ca) delivers trusted news and intelligent information to more than one billion people in 140 countries every day. Our content, software and technology support the way professionals work in a rapidly changing, ever more complex world.

Thomson Reuters Eikon (thomsonreuterseikon.com) is the platform used by financial and corporate clients to access top research, portfolio analytics, charting and screening for every asset class.

What did we find?

I used Thomson Reuters Eikon and found 12 companies that fit our screening criteria. So far this year, the S&P financials sector is up around 1.5 per cent, while the average return of the companies in our screen is over 5 per cent.

Wells Fargo, the largest U.S. bank by market capitalization, is well positioned to take advantage of higher interest rates. The favourable mix of variable rate mortgages to fixed retail deposits shows that their high NIM could see further expansion with rising rates. The company is a Warren Buffett favourite, as it is Berkshire Hathaway's largest portfolio holding.

Charles Martin, CFA, works in the financial and risk unit of Thomson Reuters and specializes in asset management.

MORE ONLINE Globe Unlimited subscribers can read more Number Crunchers at tgam.ca/cruncher

Document GLOB000020150812eb8c0001q




How to: Money
A retirement plan adviser can benefit your company

Lynn Land      
504 words
7 August 2015
Louisville Business First
BFL
English
© 2015 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.      

Attempting to run a company retirement plan without adequate resources can cost both the company and employees money.

Hiring an adviser gives you the potential to lower plan costs, offer better investment choices, educate your employees and improve your participation rate and deferral amount.

A retirement plan adviser can help guide you in many key areas, including the following:

Assessing your needs

All retirement plans have the same ultimate objective: helping employees save for retirement.

However, what's right for one company might not be right for another. An adviser can help you sort through these choices and select the plan that's best for your company.

Determine optimal plan design

Your adviser might be able to work with you to redesign portions of an existing plan to best meet your employees' needs.

Balancing these provisions so that they provide the maximum benefit to both the company and its employees can be invaluable to a plan's success.

Choose and manage plan investments

Depending on the adviser and your company's needs, you have several options for investment management.

A retirement plan adviser can provide you with sound financial advice on investment management, which is an expectation set by your fiduciary responsibility to the plan.

Some advisers can offer fiduciary protection to your plan.

You should understand the level of their commitment and receive this in writing.

Provide education for plan participants

A valuable part of any retirement plan is participant education.

Your adviser can help you with this by scheduling enrollment meetings, providing plan materials, setting up ongoing investment education courses and serving as an educational contact for plan participants.

Having a strong education program can increase participation rates, deferral rates and help your employees understand their investment choices.

Provide guidance on fee/expense structures

Your adviser should be able to help you identify and assess any fees paid by you or your participants.

They can evaluate if fees seem reasonable for the services provided. Because some of these fees usually are passed on to employees through the plan, keeping them as low as possible can help your employees save as much as possible for retirement.

Provide liability support as a co-fiduciary

Perhaps the most important aspect of hiring an adviser for your retirement plan is to minimize your fiduciary responsibility.

ERISA (the Employee Retirement Income Security Act) is a federal law that sets standards for most retirement plans in the private industry. These standards protect employees but can saddle employers with overwhelming fiduciary responsibilities. Qualified advisers can relieve you of some of this responsibility.

Money columns are submitted by businesspeople who want to share information about their area of expertise. Money columns appear occasionally in Louisville Business First. To submit a column, contact Bethany Daily at bdaily@bizjournals.com.

Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe to Louisville Business First for more articles and leads? Visit bizjournals.com/subscribe or call 1-866-853-3661.

Document BFL0000020150807eb8700001




Rally by mining firms helps to boost FTSE

John-Paul Ford Rojas and Holly Williams      
504 words
6 August 2015
The Herald
GH
25
English
© 2015, Herald & Times Group      

LEGAL & General was among the best performers in London's top-flight as it batted off the impact of recent pension reforms to post a boost in half-year profits.

Shares in the insurer rose nearly three per cent after it said interim pre-tax profits lifted eight per cent to £547 million despite a 62 per cent fall in annuity sales.

A rally among miners after some positive economic data from China lifted the wider FTSE 100 Index, which closed 65.8 points higher at 6752.4 points.

Rio Tinto led the sector's charge, adding four per cent, or 97p, to 2567.5p, while BHP Billiton climbed 41.5p to 1200.5p and Antofagasta rose 16.5p to 591p. The main European markets enjoyed a strong session with Germany's Dax and France's Cac 40 both ahead by more than 1.5 per cent. In New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was in positive territory after a well-received round of corporate earnings figures.

Gains in London's top tier came despite figures suggesting growth in the UK's powerhouse services sector cooled last month in the latest sign that economic expansion has eased since a robust second quarter.

The closely-watched CIPS/Markit purchasing managers' index (PMI) survey showed a lower-than-expected reading of 57.4 in July.

But sterling held its own after data revisions by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) showed the UK economy grew more strongly than previously thought from 2011 to 2013, with further revisions for the period to date due later this year. The pound was ahead against the US dollar at just under 1.56 and against the euro at a little above 1.43.

In shares, Legal & General added some encouragement from a life and pensions sector left reeling by legislation in April allowing pensioners to retire without having to buy an annuity.

The group's profits rose as it looked to other revenue streams, boosting its workplace auto-enrolment business under which employees are automatically signed up to retirement schemes at work. Shares added 7.3p to 270.7p, Direct Line Insurance also lifted, up 8.8p to 384.6p.

Royal Bank of Scotland was another strong performer in the top-flight, rising two per cent, or 7.7p to 346.7p, prompting further criticism that the taxpayer was short-changed after making a £1bn loss on the Government's sale of a 5.4 per cent stake in the lender.

Brokers at Numis said the sale at 330p a share "achieved a new 2015 low and arguably sold the tax-payer short".

Asia-focused bank Standard Chartered was also in focus as half-year results showed pre-tax profits down 44 per cent to $1.8bn (£1.2bn) and the group's interim dividend halved. Shares rose 2.1p to 954.7p as new chief executive Bill Winters promised cost cuts.

Document GH00000020150806eb860003p


Pensions
Volatility hits Standard Life Investments' GARS in Q2

Jenna Towler      
504 words
3 August 2015
Retirement Planner
RETIPLA
English
© 2015 Incisive Media Investments Limited, published by Incisive Financial Publishing Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 04252091 & 04252093      

Standard Life Investments' Global Absolute Return Strategies fund has suffered its first quarterly loss since mid-2013 in the three months to 30 June after it was caught up in the market volatility seen in the second quarter.

According to FE Trustnet, the £25bn SLI GARS fund lost 1.5% during Q2. The FTSE All Share fell 2% over the period, and the MSCI World dropped 5.4% in sterling terms.

The drop is the first time the fund has made a quarterly loss since Q2 2013, when the portfolio dipped 0.9% as a result of the 'taper tantrum' sparked by the US Federal Reserve.

"This is the first negative quarter we have had in quite a while. It was a very mixed quarter for us. Falls have not come from any one general area; there has been a lot of movement in the portfolio," SLI multi-asset head Guy Stern (pictured) told clients last week.

"During the quarter we had 33 different strategies at work in the portfolio. Unfortunately, only five of those strategies went up, while 13 went down. That is an indication we did not have any individual strategy that grossly dominated the portfolio."

The fund remains 6.8% higher on a one-year view.

"We are still very clearly on track for reaching our return targets for the year," Stern added.

Particular negative contributors included a German versus French equity relative value trade, which lost 0.3% and has now been exited; a US large cap versus US small cap equities trade, which lost 0.3%; and a European equity position, which lost 0.2%.

The fund's top trade over the quarter was a short US duration position. The trade contributed 0.7% over the period, as bond yields began to rise in anticipation of the Federal Reserve hiking rates.

The fund is now more "pointed" in its equity exposure, according to Stern, having closed a US equity beta position and running long positions in high beta European and Japanese markets and mining stocks.

Stern said the position in global miner equities had been "a very negative" contributor to the fund in the quarter, due to falls in commodity prices such as copper and iron ore.

However, he added the trade, combined with a position in Australian short-term interest rates, had "paid off nicely" since it was first put in place.

Among the new positions initiated in the quarter was a relative value trade in sterling versus the Swiss franc.

"There is no fundamental reason economically or on a valuation basis to have the Swiss franc at the levels it is at? we can see devaluation there," Stern said.

The team continues to position the fund this year according to four themes: multi-speed global growth; central bank policy; resources and demand; and growth potential and uncertainty.

The post Volatility hits Standard Life Investments' GARS in Q2 appeared first on Retirement Planner.

Click to view image.

Document RETIPLA020150803eb830002u




Investor News
Carlsberg kicks off third season as Official Beer of the Barclays Premier League with 'Kickabouts' Campaign

504 words
30 July 2015
08:00 PM
NASDAQ OMX Nordic Exchanges - Company Notices
NASDQC
English
Copyright 2015 NASDAQ OMX Nordic Oy. All rights reserved.      

Football sponsorship in focus as UEFA EURO 2016? in France approaches

Carlsberg today officially launches its third season as Official Beer of the Barclays Premier League with a humorous global TV commercial and campaign starring former Manchester United and Denmark national goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel and UK football presenter Jeff Stelling. The TVC sees a typical kickabout in the park transformed by Carlsberg into Probably the Best Kickabout in the World:

-- A hamstring injury is miraculously healed in seconds as a player becomes a 

     younger, slimmer and fitter version of himself with just one touch of a
     magic sponge.
  -- Passer by Peter Schmeichel appears walking his Great Dane and stops a
     wayward shot before returning the ball into play with one of his trademark
     throws.
  -- To the delight of the watching crowd, a giant screen proves that a disputed
     goal has gone in.


Watch the commercial online here: https://www.youtube.com/user/carlsberg

Carlsberg Ambassador Peter Schmeichel, commented, "Carlsberg is renowned all around the world for its TV commercials and this one has everything we've come to expect from Carlsberg: humour, fun and plenty of magic. I hope football fans enjoy watching it as much as I enjoyed making it."

Football sponsorship is an important element in Carlsberg's commercial activity, with 23 years as a sponsor of Liverpool Football Club, eight consecutive sponsorships of the UEFA EURO championships, starting in West Germany in 1988 and currently looking forward to next year's UEFA EURO 2016? in France, and now three years as Official Beer of the Barclays Premier League. Carlsberg also has partnerships with five major national teams, including being Official Beer of the England team, and supports numerous football projects from amateur to professional level.

"The TVC being launched today is the perfect reflection of Carlsberg's attitude to football sponsorship", says Mike Thompson, Marketing Director at Carlsberg. "Carlsberg and football are a great fit, and for us it's always been about doing football better for the fans, and bringing people together to celebrate the great moments that football has to offer."

Contacts                                                                        
Media Relations:           Jim Daniell       +45 3327 2874                      
Investor Relations:       Peter Kondrup       +45 3327 1221     Iben Steiness   
       +45 3327 1232                                                            
For more news sign up on www.carlsberggroup.com/subscribe  or follow            
 @CarlsbergGroup on Twitter.                                                    


The Carlsberg Group is one of the leading brewery groups in the world, with a   
 large portfolio of beer and other beverage brands. Our flagship brand -        


Carlsberg - is one of the best-known beer brands in the world and the Baltika, Carlsberg and Tuborg brands are among the eight biggest brands in Europe. More than 45,000 people work for the Carlsberg Group, and our products are sold in 

 more than 150 markets. In 2014, the Carlsberg Group sold 123 million           
 hectolitres of beer, which is about 37 billion bottles of beer.                


Find out more at www.carlsberggroup.com. 

news7450416157420100330.xml

Document NASDQC0020150730eb7u000ul




Business Day; Economy
Home Sales Jump in June as Demand Exceeds Supply

By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS      
504 words
23 July 2015
NYTimes.com Feed
NYTFEED
English
Copyright 2015. The New York Times Company. All Rights Reserved.      

WASHINGTON - Americans bought homes in June at the fastest rate in over eight years, pushing prices higher as buyer demand eclipsed the availability of houses on the market.

The National Association of Realtors said Wednesday that sales of existing homes rose 3.2 percent last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.49 million, the highest rate since February 2007. Sales have increased 9.6 percent over the last 12 months, while the number of listings has risen just 0.4 percent.

Median home prices climbed 6.5 percent over the last 12 months to $236,400, the highest level reported by the association, not adjusted for inflation.

Home buying has recently surged as more buyers have entered the market. Robust hiring over the last 21 months and an economic recovery now in its sixth year have enabled more Americans to set aside money for down payments. But the rising demand has failed to draw more sellers into the market, causing tight inventories and escalating prices that could cap sales growth.

"The recent pace can't be sustained, but it points clearly to upside potential," said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.

A mere five months' supply of homes was on the market in June, compared with 5.5 months a year ago and an average of six months in a healthy market.

Some markets are barely adding listings. The condominium market in Massachusetts contains just 1.8 months' supply, according to a Federal Reserve report this month. The majority of real estate agents in the Atlanta Fed region, which ranges from Alabama to Florida, said that inventories were flat or fell over the last year.

Some of the recent increase in sales appears to have come from the prospect of mortgage rates beginning to rise as the Federal Reserve considers raising an important interest rate from its near-zero level this year. That possibility is prompting buyers to complete sales before higher rates make borrowing more expensive, noted Daren Blomquist, a vice president at RealtyTrac, a housing analytics firm.

The premiums that the Federal Housing Administration charges to insure mortgages are also lower this year, further propelling buying activity, Mr. Blomquist said.

Properties typically sold last month in 34 days, the shortest time since the Realtors began tracking the figure in May 2011. There were fewer all-cash, individual investor and distressed home sales in the market, as more traditional buyers have returned.

Sales improved in all four geographical regions: Northeast, Midwest, South and West.

Still, the limited supplies could eventually prove to be a drag on sales growth in the coming months.

Low mortgage rates have also helped, although rates are starting to climb to levels that could slow buying activity.

Average 30-year fixed rates were 4.09 percent last week, according to the mortgage company Freddie Mac. The average has risen from a 52-week low of 3.59 percent.

Document NYTFEED020150722eb7n005k5




Just one in three retirees will get full state pension payouts after reforms next year

By Lana Clements      
504 words
23 July 2015
02:14 AM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2015      

BARELY one in three retirees are to set to receive the new flat-rate state pension when it comes into effect next year, according to Government estimates.

GETTY

Only one in three people will get the full state pension next year

Anyone who has paid at least 35 years of National Insurance contributions were promised they would get the full pension payout of £148 a week when benefit reforms take effect in April 2016.

Yet, it's now been revealed that only 222,000 out of the 600,000 people who will hit retirement age in the 12 months after the changes will qualify for the maximum payout.

Just 37 per cent will be able to claim the full amount, a dramatic drop on the number originally forecast, according to Department for Work and Pensions figures.

Around 100,000 fewer retirees than originally expected will qualify for the full payout in the first ten years of the new benefit, as a result of a trick in missed contributions.

Workers who spent any time 'contracted out' are most likely to be affected, after opting out of receiving state second benefits in exchange for paying a reduced rate of National Insurance.

Because of the lower contributions these workers could now lose some of their new state pension.

Related articles Standard Life 'with profits' policies: Are you one of 65,000... How to prepare your money for an interest rate rise

Initially it was thought that someone who had contracted out for a brief period of time but still had 35 years of full-rate contributions could still claim the full amount.

However, even these people could face a reduced state pension because the Government said they could have used lower payments to make provisions for their retirement elsewhere, such as a private pension.

Many retirees are set to be bitterly disappointed after the Government touted the reforms as a more generous and simpler pension system.

Even by the third year of the new state pension in April 2018, just 46 per cent of people will qualify for the full payout.

Only by 2020 is the figure predicted to reach 50 per cent, to reach 84 per cent in 2035.

A DWP spokesman said: "People who spent time contracted-out either paid NI contributions at a lower rate, or some of the NI contributions they paid were used to contribute to a private pension, which they will also benefit from when they retire.

"The new State Pension will be easier to understand than the current system, and we are planning a media campaign to explain the changes that are about to come into effect."

Related articles Rare 2p sells for staggering £800 - and here's how to spot a valuable coin in your change The big name banks losing the most customers Britons MORE likely to vote for EU exit after Greek deal leaves lefties in shock over cuts

Document EXCO000020150722eb7m003ph




S3
Call to revise wills after Inheritance Tax threshold is raised

504 words
16 July 2015
The Sentinel
THESEN
E01
10
English
© 2015 Local World / The Sentinel      

WEALTHY homeowners have been advised to review their will after the amount that they can leave tax-free to direct descendants was increased in the Budget.

Chancellor George Osborne pledged to raise the Inheritance Tax (IHT) threshold from £325,000 per person to £500,000 from April 2020.

This means a married couple or civil partners can leave assets, including property, to their family free of inheritance tax up to the value of £1m.

For example, if you own a property worth up to £350,000 and have remaining assets of £650,000 you could pass it on tax free.

Similarly, a couple who owned a home worth £750,000 and had other assets of £250,000 would not trigger a charge.

The additional property allowance will start at £100,000 in 2017/2018 and will rise to £175,000 by 2020/2021.

The result is that by the 2020/2021 tax year, each individual could have an inheritance tax allowance of £500,000.

Rob Fearnley, left, a partner specialising in tax planning at Festival Park law firm Bowcock & Pursaill said: "The announcement is important for any clients with a will or anyone looking into succession planning.

"It means that married couples and civil partners will be able to pass on assets worth up to £1 million, including a family home, without paying any IHT at all.

"Under the previous rules IHT was levied at a rate of 40 per cent on the value of an estate above the tax-free threshold of £325,000 per individual or £650,000 per couple.

"For any homeowners this will be welcome news as this new announcement can reduce tax in their estates passing to children or grandchildren after their death."

The family home allowance is only available when a main residence is passed to direct descendants such as children or grandchildren.

But if someone downsizes or no longer owns a home since the Budget on July 8 they will be able to pass assets of the equivalent value up to the £175,000 to their direct descendants on death.

He added: "Obviously you will have to look at your will as this announcement may potentially mean you now want to alter your will to take full advantage of the new allowance.

"The news will be very welcome to pensioners who have invested in their homes, allowing them to more effectively plan their estates for what for many is their most valuable, or only real, asset.

"The bad news is it doesn't all come in one go as it is staggered and if your estate is worth over two million you start to lose some of the new allowance.

"Obviously it's not in legislation yet so there may be more details to come.

"At that stage we would advise our clients to give us a call and talk it over so they can be sure their current arrangements are effective in IHT mitigation."

Document THESEN0020150715eb7g001jn




Features
The saving graces of Mr Mean

504 words
21 June 2015
The Sunday Times
ST
1; National
5
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2015    

HUNTER DAVIES has been writing a monthly column for us about his relentlessly frugal approach to life since 1998.

Here are some of our favourites of his top money-saving tips. You may never view rotten fruit and cold bathwater in the same light again.

JULY 2005 I get such pleasure out of money - saving it, of course, not spending it - and at the moment I am having more pleasure than I've had for ages.

Eating up the last squashy, moulding fruit in the fruit bowl, I do get such pleasure out of that. Otherwise the utter wasters in this house will chuck it out. How can they? It's like chucking money away.

Lying in the bathwater my wife has just vacated, that's probably my bestest fun of all. First of all, it has saved me running it. Second, she has her bath far too hot, so it is just right for me. Third, I lie and think of all the money being saved. Fourth, I feel patriotic.

SEPTEMBER 2006 I used to embarrass my children when we went skiing by refusing to buy any special clothes, preferring to ski in old trackie bottoms with pyjamas underneath. They, of course, insisted on dressing as if for the Winter Olympics.

JULY 2007 My children don't seem to have the same standards as me. Not one has a decent rubber band collection, picked up from the pavement after the postie has been ... Paul Getty had a payphone installed for visitors in his stately home, which sounds eminently sensible. I didn't know he also washed his own underpants every night. On hols, I always do. Doesn't everyone? Saves laundry bills and also means you have to carry less.

JANUARY 2010 I don't mean to mock and I am not cynical about global warming - though I won't really believe it until I see it and feel it - but what strikes me about this whole campaign to save resources is that I HAVE BEEN DOING IT ALL MY LIFE. Yet nobody ever praised me. Nobody said well done Hunt, you are our role model, you showed us the way, will you take your MBE now or have it posted? [Davies was eventually appointed OBE last year.] Even in my own house, I have been the one mocked - for rushing round putting off lights, picking up rubber bands, re-using cling film, throwing nothing out, taking things from skips, haunting the charity shops.

I have not bought anything new since, well, it might even have been 1986, when I got some sandals from Saxone for my first trip to Barbados. They still talk about it.

I do have a car, 14 years old, but never do more than 2,000 miles a year and take buses everywhere or walk. I don't have any electrical gadgets or Peapods or Blackcurrants. Our loft was insulated 47 years ago when we moved in.

Edited by Anna Mikhailova

Document ST00000020150621eb6l000kc




News
Hedge-Fund Bet Hits Pensions: Retirement Scan

504 words
17 June 2015
Financial Planning Online
FPLFO
Vol.1, No.1
English
(c) 2015 Financial Planning and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved.      

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

Hedge-fund bet hits pensions

Major corporate pension funds have missed on the gains of the stock-market rally as they opted to boost their hedge-fund investments over the past five years, according to an analysis by Wilshire Consulting. These funds incurred an investment return of 9.7% from their hedge-fund investments last year, lower than 13.7% earnings and dividends posted by the S&P 500, the consulting firm finds. "There's certainly regret. The last five years have been disappointing for pensions invested in hedge funds," said Jim McKee of Callan Associates. -The Wall Street Journal



How much of your clients' retirement portfolio belongs in bonds?



Clients who want to know how much of their portfolio should be invested in bonds need to know whether their goal is to get the highest return without going beyond their risk tolerance or to meet their financial needs with the lowest risk possible, according to this article on MarketWatch. Data show that investment returns are mainly a result of good or bad luck. Since clients cannot determine the best time to invest their money or withdraw it, they are advised to simply make the investment if they have the money to invest and make the withdrawals only when needed. -MarketWatch



How remarriage can mess up your clients' Social Security

Clients can expect Social Security rules on retirement benefits to be complicated if they are divorced and remarried and intend to take a spousal benefit, according to this article on Forbes. Regardless of the strategy, clients can only claim a spousal benefit on their ex-spouse's record only if their former spouse starts collecting their retirement benefit. However, they can no longer claim such a benefit if they remarried. -Forbes

Big changes coming for Medicare, Social Security

Lawmakers are likely to pass this year measures to revamp Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid-entitlement programs representing 45% of the payouts made by the federal government, according to this article on Kiplinger. Congress is likely to address the dwindling Social Security disability fund before disabled workers face 20% cuts in monthly payments. A possible for Medicare would be a move to make 30% of the payments to providers value-based by next year and 50% by 2019. Medicaid also could face short-term changes, with more states expanding eligibility in exchange for federal subsidies. -Kiplinger

 Self-employed go it alone with retirement savings options 

A TDAmeritrade survey revealed that more self-employed Americans don't save for retirement. 28% of self-employed Americans don't have retirement savings compared with 10% of traditional employees who don't have savings. An expert attributes this behavior to entrepreneurs' thinking that they would never retire. -CNBC

Read More:

* It's Not About Timing: IRS on Backdoor Roth Conversions

* Wealthy & Stressed Out Clients? How $1.3B Advisor Helps

* Long-Term Care: 4 Ways to Better Help Clients

Document FPLFO00020150617eb6h000m9




Former Kleiner Perkins Partner Matt Murphy Joins Menlo Ventures

Alex Konrad, Forbes Staff      
504 words
11 June 2015
Forbes.com
FBCOM
English
© 2015 Forbes LLC      

Two months after announcing he'd be leaving venture firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byersafter more than a decade of investing for the firm, Matt Murphy has found a new home at Menlo Ventures.

Murphy will be Menlo's seventh managing director and will look for investments in mobile applications and enterprise infrastructure. Of those partners, Murphy notes that two are planning to transition toward retirement after the current $400 million fund and a third is running a portfolio company, so Menlo will have a relatively small core group of decision makers that can communicate quickly on potential deals.

Murphy's known Menlo partners like Mark Siegel and Venky Ganesan for years and had worked with the the firm in the past. "I was pretty open about looking for something smaller, and it's a tight-knit team of the same generation," Murphy says. "I think they're known for being a standup firm of high quality individuals who do the right thing. They were always on my first handful of calls if I was looking at something."

In moving Kleiner Perkins, Murphy leaves a firm with several dozen investors and multiple funds totaling more than $1 billion. Menlo's size is large enough to maintain investments in companies up until the growth stage, but skews it more towards very early stage investments.

Murphy was recently seen under oath at the Ellen Pao gender discrimination case against Kleiner Perkins, which Pao lost but may appeal. Murphy had testified he recommended firing Pao and also mentioned his imminent departure on the stand. Moving on from the case, he says, is not a motivation for moving. "My decision to leave was made well before the trial," Murphy says, echoing what he told press at the time of that testimony. "I think Kleiner is doing phenomenally well from a return standpoint, and I think they're moving past it in a really positive way. It's a terrific firm and terrific culture."

Kleiner Perkins partner Ted Schlein, for his part, called Murphy's performance exemplary while at the firm he joined in 1999. More tellingly, Murphy will continue to represent Kleiner Perkins on six boards of directors even as he invests from Menlo. "That means I'll be working closely with them for a long time," Murphy says. "it's a special relationship."

Four companies in Murphy's portfolio joined the billion-dollar startup club in the past year: AppDynamics, Insidesales.com, Shazam and Simplivity. Other investments for Kleiner include Drawbridge, Egnyte, InstartLogic, PernixData, Puppet Labs and SessionM. Two more of his companies went public and five were acquired.

Menlo as a firm has helped 70 companies go public in its 39 year history and seen more than 100 others get acquired. Big wins for the firm include Dropcam, Machine Zone, Uber and Warby Parker. Its other managing directors are Siegel, Ganesan, Pravin Vazirani, Shawn Carolan, and the outgoing Doug Carlisle and John Jarve.

Document FBCOM00020150611eb6b000dx




Investor News
Jacobsen Craft Brewery Celebrates its 10th Birthday

504 words
28 May 2015
08:01 PM
NASDAQ OMX Nordic Exchanges - Company Notices
NASDQC
English
Copyright 2015 NASDAQ OMX Nordic Oy. All rights reserved.    

Ceremonial barrel to be opened at Copenhagen Beer Festival

Copenhagen, 2015-05-28 11:01 CEST (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- At exactly 20:05 Copenhagen time today, Morten Ibsen, Jacobsen Brewmaster, will uncork a 100-litre wooden barrel of Jacobsen Original Dark Lager. The time (20:05) is a reminder of the year the Jacobsen brewery was inaugurated, 10 years ago, in 2005.

The brewery began its life as an ode to Carlsberg founder J.C. Jacobsen, established with the mission of creating craft beers of uncompromising quality, using brand new, state-of-the-art brewing facilities, the finest natural ingredients, and 150-plus years of Carlsberg innovation and know-how. The Jacobsen brewery has access to all Carlsberg's expertise as well as resources from Carlsberg research facilities, but is a completely independent brewery with the remit of creating and producing the best and most exciting specialty brews in the world.

Since then Jacobsen has produced a range of highly successful, award-winning craft beer varieties. They can, of course be enjoyed in their own right, but one of Jacobsen's goals has always been to bring beer back to the dining room table, as the perfect complement to an array of different foods. "We want to give people new taste experiences and we want to challenge and develop beer culture," says Jacobsen brewmaster Morten Ibsen. "It's about making the most of what nature has to offer."

One of Jacobsen's first creations was Saaz Blonde, a light-coloured beer brewed using Belgian traditions, Czech Saaz hops, along with angelica extracts for a rounded, slightly sweet blonde ale that pairs perfectly with fare like yellow cheeses and lamb. Another example is Jacobsen Extra Pilsner, which received a maximum, three-star rating from the International Taste & Quality Institute in Belgium. It is a luxury pilsner that's crafted using ingredients from the Nordic region: Danish malt, and organic hops from Germany.

Today, the Jacobsen Brewhouse has seven different craft brews in its day-to-day repertoire, seasonal variants as well as its renowned Vintage no.1, Vintage no.2, Vintage no. 3 and Jacobsen Limited Edition beers. Jacobsen products are currently available across Denmark, and some beers are exported to Sweden, Norway, the UK and Israel. The brewery now runs at close to full capacity and options for expansion are being evaluated.

Looking back over the first ten years of Jacobsen, Morten Ibsen concludes: "Every bottle of Jacobsen beer bears the words "Unlimited Dedication", and this really sums up what we do here. We've been at the forefront of the Danish craft beer movement for ten years now, and the huge popularity of our beers here in Denmark and abroad just goes to show that dedication and uncompromising quality is a recipe for success."

         Media Relations:	Jens Bekke	+45 3327 1412	Jim Daniell 	+45 3327 2874
         Investor Relations:	Peter Kondrup	+45 3327 1221	Iben Steiness	+45 3327


1232 

news4167976849531260811.xml

Document NASDQC0020150528eb5s000ul




MARKETS & INVESTING
Buybacks and dividends set to top $1tn; Equities

By Nicole Bullock and Eric Platt in New York      
504 words
28 May 2015
Financial Times
FTFT
USA Ed1
22
English
Copyright 2015 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

Share repurchase activity supports US companies amid investor activism

US companies are bolstering their earnings as the share buyback boom shows little sign of ending.

The proliferation of share repurchase activity has been an important source of support for US equities that loiter in sight of record territory.

US companies are sitting on huge cash piles and the subsequent lacklustre economic recovery has made them reluctant to spend on expanding operations. In turn, they have directed money to buybacks and dividends with pressure from activist shareholders advancing the trend. But critics have emerged to question whether focusing on shareholder return rather than new development may represent a drag on the economy.

Analysts forecast buybacks and dividends will top $1tn for 2015. The scale of repurchases is bolstering earnings: one in five S&P 500 companies has raised earnings by at least 4 per cent for each of the past five quarters according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&PDow Jones Indices.

Share buybacks offset options granted to employees, but companies in recent years have also bought back more than they need to protect earnings. While repurchases can boost earnings per share, they do not represent an increase in the profitability of the business - the same essential level of profits is just split among fewer shares.

For the first quarter, cash returned to shareholders - consisting of repurchases and dividends - is shaping up as a record $241.7bn, according to S&PDow Jones Indices, eclipsing the previous high of $233.2bn achieved during the second quarter of 2007.

Dividends set a new record at $93.6bn, while companies, led by Apple , have reported buybacks around $148bn, up from the previous quarter, but still shy of the record $172bn recorded for the third quarter of 2007.

Years of low interest rates have played a key role in the surge of both dividends and buybacks.

"Companies have not re-leveraged their balance sheets despite the low cost of corporate debt and record high cash balances," said Jonathan Golub, chief US market strategist at RBC Capital Markets. "As a result, companies have a huge opportunity to increase earnings per share further should they choose to tap into this capital cushion. With growth likely to remain hard to come by, we believe this is the likely path forward."

Much of the money for dividends and buybacks has come from cash reserves bloated by fatter profit margins thanks to cost-cutting, but many companies have turned to bond markets to raise money cheaply for equity investors.

During April Amgen sold bonds earmarked to fund buybacks, while Oracle said in a regulatory filing that the use of proceeds from a bond sale might include stock repurchases and paying dividends.

"We will soon be getting away from our addiction to low interest rates, but the addition to buybacks still appears to be growing," said Mr Silverblatt.

Document FTFT000020150528eb5s00037




Standard Life's Top Ten Tips to Maximise Pension Freedom Opportunities

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
27 May 2015
India Insurance News
ATINNW
English
Copyright © 2015 Contify.com      

May 27 -- The tips are designed to highlight immediate risks and opportunities as well as longer term strategic considerations to help advisers support more clients in achieving their goals. Urgent action is suggested to ensure pension death benefits are not lost due to legacy pension contracts, and, ISA assets are transferred to pensions as clients approach retirement to benefit from tax relief.

The ten tips encompass death benefits, tax, investment solutions, due diligence, policies and controls:

* Find out if you have clients that could miss out - review legacy pensions to understand which contracts can support new flexibilities on death

* Prepare to transfer pensions that do not support death benefits as soon as possible and consider aggregating pension assets with other client assets

* Review all pension bypass trust arrangements and death benefit nominations to ensure they are up-to-date

* Review ISAs to establish whether the client would benefit from transferring to a pension to access tax relief

* Develop a tax optimisation policy for assets being invested pre-retirement; outlining which wrappers should be prioritised and why

* Enhance your CIP to meet the needs of clients in retirement - reflect the difference between short, medium and long term monies and protect your clients from the devastating long term impact of a short term market fall in the early years of retirement

* Develop an income optimisation policy for withdrawals; document the order of wrappers and investment portfolios used to support withdrawals to minimise tax and investment risk

* Agree a clear withdrawal policy with your clients documenting the sustainable asset harvesting approach you have agreed

* Document your end to end retirement advice service for clients highlighting the measures you are taking to ensure the sustainability of their investment portfolio

* Review due diligence against your new documented proposition to ensure your business model for clients exercising retirement freedoms is well supported by your providers

David Tiller, Head of Adviser Propositions and Strategy at Standard Life, said: "We really have entered the golden age for advisers who now have the opportunity to provide more of the population with advice when they need it most. This need has never been greater and it is vitally important the industry works together to ensure that people can access the help they need."

"Client needs in retirement are fundamentally different and adviser businesses need to consider how to deliver what is often perceived to be complex advice in a scalable and controlled manner. This demands clear and defined processes and policies around tax optimisation, investment volatility management, tax wrapper and portfolio targeting, client withdrawal policy and estate planning."

"By putting together a clearly defined proposition and business processes built for clients in retirement, I believe the efficiencies realised will allow advisers to offer a top quality service to more retired clients and manage their business risks more effectively. These ten tips are designed to prompt thought around some of things advisers may want to look at."

Source: Standard Life

Document ATINNW0020150527eb5r0002t




Does A Person With A Medical Condition Affecting His Mind Have The Mental Capacity To Make A Will?

Lauren Liang      
504 words
26 May 2015
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2015 Mondaq Ltd      

One of the grounds for challenging the validity of a Will is that the person who made the Will did not have the mental capacity to understand his actions.  With an aging population and higher rates of medical conditions, such as Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease, which may affect a person's memory and other mental functions, questions about testamentary capacity arise more frequently.

In a recent case Bull Estate v. Bull, the Supreme Court of BC provided further guidance on the issue of testamentary capacity. In Bull Estate, the deceased made a Will in 2010 leaving more assets to her daughter than her son. The deceased died in September 2012. Her son challenged the Will on the basis that, amongst other things, the deceased's progressive dementia made her incapable of making the Will.

The Court found that the deceased had the requisite testamentary capacity when she executed the Will in 2010, and the Court further stated that sufficient mental capacity to make a Will may exist despite the presence of cognitive deterioration, and a will-maker may have sufficient mental capacity even if his/her ability to manage other aspects of his/her affairs is impaired.

In reaching its conclusion, the Court summarized the following non-exhaustive principles that have been established by courts over the years:

the test for testamentary capacity is not overly onerous;

simply having an imperfect or impaired memory does not in of itself absent testamentary capacity unless it is so great as to leave no disposing memory;

the will-maker needs to have an appreciation of the claims of the persons who are natural objects of his/her estate and the extent of his/her property of which he/she is disposing;

because testamentary capacity is a legal question and not a medical question, a medical opinion, although valuable and relevant, is not determinative of testamentary capacity;

a will-maker cannot be found not to have testamentary capacity simply because he/she chose to leave his/her estate in a manner that some might think unkind.

While each case of testamentary capacity turns on its own unique facts and evidence presented, the Bull Estate decision sets a high bar for a person challenging a Will to establish that the will-maker did not have the requisite mental capacity to make the Will, even if the will-maker suffered from medical conditions affecting his or her mental functions when the Will was made.

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Ms Lauren Liang

Clark Wilson LLP

900 West Georgia Street

Vancouver

British Columbia

V6C 3H1

CANADA

Tel: 6046875700

Fax: 6046876314

E-mail: LLK@cwilson.com

URL: www.cwilson.com

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2015 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020150526eb5q00099


Opinion
Workers welcome win on 401(k) fees

504 words
21 May 2015
Record Searchlight
RCSRCH
RCRS
6A
English
© 2015 Record Searchlight. All rights reserved.      

If you're among the 50 million Americans with a 401(k) retirement account, you probably have no idea how much in fees your friendly mutual fund is taking out of your nest egg. The quarterly statements you get list the "expense ratio," but it takes serious math skills to figure out exactly how much that totals.

So it's a relief that in its first ruling on 401(k) fees, the U.S. Supreme Court sided Monday with employees and retirees. Justices unanimously put the onus on employers to continually monitor the 401(k) plans they provide to make sure participants aren't being gouged with unnecessarily high fees.

Just like compounded interest, a relatively small difference in fees can add up. For instance, a 1 percent fee - instead of a far more reasonable 0.25 percent - would rob $30,000 from a $100,000 account earning a 4 percent annual return over 20 years. That's not chump change.

Consumer advocates say the decision will pressure companies to be more careful with their employees' money and to offer a wider choice of lower-cost mutual funds. Advocates also hope the ruling pushes mutual funds to lower fees and be more transparent because they will have to be more competitive.

While some higher-fee funds that are more actively managed can provide higher returns, in general, fees of more than 2 percent are considered excessive. Fees for popular index funds are lower.

Except for public employees, 401(k) accounts have replaced traditional pensions as a main source of retirement income. With more than 500,000 plans holding about $4.5 trillion - nearly one fifth of all U.S. retirement assets - it's only proper that they draw more scrutiny from regulators and from the courts.

This Supreme Court has not exactly been friendly to workers, so this sweeping ruling should be a loud warning to Wall Street and to big corporations about what's an acceptable way to do business.

The case involved Edison International, the parent of the mammoth utility in Southern California. In a 2007 class action lawsuit brought on behalf of 20,000 employees and retirees, lawyers claimed that that Edison violated its fiduciary duty by choosing more expensive 401(k) plans when virtually identical, but lower-cost, ones were available. More than a dozen corporations, including household names such as Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Co., have been hit with similar lawsuits.

In the ruling, Justice Stephen Breyer wrote that companies and trustees in charge of 401(k) plans have an ongoing duty to monitor investments and to "remove imprudent ones." Before this ruling, companies only had that responsibility for six years after the investment funds were first picked.

If employees and retirees have to make more important investment decisions on their own, it's only fair that their employers actually give them a choice of reputable funds that offer a decent return.

This editorial originally appeared in The Sacramento Bee.

Document RCSRCH0020150521eb5l0000f




The Accumulator: Simon Lake of Sound Financial Management

504 words
19 May 2015
Citywire
CWIRE
English
(c) 2015 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved.      

Simon Lake of Sound Financial Management uses low-cost model portfolios mainly held in Sipps to meet clients' retirement needs.

THE PROPOSITION Simon Lake, chartered financial planner, Sound Financial Management

Helping our clients save for their retirement is one of our greatest responsibilities. Our clients rely on us to make sure their money is in the right place at the right time throughout their life, leading up to their sunset years. As life expectancies lengthen, a client's retirement could last as long as half their career.

Clients' goal is often to accumulate as much money as possible along with paying down liabilities, such as mortgages. Our job is to make sure our clients stay focused on their strategy, making any necessary adjustments when necessary, especially as risk appetite decreases with age.

All accumulation strategies rely on long-term positive investment growth. We add value by ensuring our clients benefit from making the best use of the tax system, using the reliefs and allowances available.

Money overspent on expensive products and investment funds is often money wasted, so we recommend value-for-money financial solutions for our clients. A modern wrap pension solution, for example, can offer clients good accumulation and decumulation options, and using the right vehicle can add value.

THE FIGURES

What's in your wrapper? The contents of the wrapper depend on the client's goals. A business owner may wish to hold their business premises in a SSAS but many simply rely on our investment expertise for their money.

We run in-house, low-cost, model portfolios for most of our clients and often select several well-researched satellite investment ideas to add further alpha, if appropriate.

These models are reviewed by our investment committee every six months. We also run workplace pension schemes a default investment strategy can add value over the long term.

Retirement planning tips Keep up-to-date with all legislative changes especially in the pensions world.

Maintain your relationships with your clients and their families throughout their careers.

Regularly assess risk appetite and challenge perceptions whenever necessary.

Reassure your clients that you and your family are in the same boat as them.

Your clients rely on your advice and guidance, not the internet.

My favourite client case I helped a client trace a long-lost pension from an old occupational scheme membership and the results radically improved her outlook on retirement. She is now looking forward to leaving work five years earlier than planned.

Her private pension arrangements are also now set up to allow her complete freedom with her income needs under the new legislation.

Decumulation corner After retirement, although our clients have more time on their hands, they continue to rely on us for up-to-date financial planning and tax advice.

Investments need to yield income and capital, so adjustments have to be made to accumulation plans. We may also need to look further ahead, for example to consider care fees or inheritance tax.

Document CWIRE00020150519eb5j0008f




A-Section
High court sides with workers in 401(k) suit

Michael A. Fletcher      
504 words
19 May 2015
The Washington Post
WP
FINAL
A06
English
Copyright 2015, The Washington Post Co. All Rights Reserved      

The U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling Monday that could make it easier for 401(k) plan participants to sue employers for offering investment options that erode their retirement savings through excessive fees.

The court's unanimous ruling involved claims by participants in the retirement plan run by the California-based energy company Edison International. The employees argued that the company offered six mutual funds with higher fees than identical institutional funds that were available but not offered to participants in Edison's retirement plan. By neglecting to offer the lower-cost investment options, the company did not act in workers' and retirees' best interests, as required by law, plan participants argued.

"This is a victory for workers and retirees in 401(k) plans because it makes very clear that there is an ongoing duty on the part of fiduciaries to make sure fees are reasonable and investments are prudent," said Jerome J. Schlichter, a St. Louis lawyer who has brought a series of suits challenging the fees attached to workers' 401(k) plans.

Even a modest jump in fees can have a significant impact on the amount of money workers can accrue in their retirement accounts during the course of their careers. The Labor Department said that a one-percentage-point change in fees could result in a 28 percent difference in retirement savings for a worker who kept $25,000 in an account earning an average of 7 percent in investment returns annually over 35 years.

The high court's ruling revived a claim by Edison employees that previously had been dismissed by a federal appeals court. The court had ruled that the employees did not act quickly enough to challenge the investment options offered in Edison's retirement plan. But the Supreme Court disagreed with that finding, saying that employers have a continuing responsibility to monitor fees.

"The continuing duty to review investments includes a duty to remove imprudent investments," Justice Stephen G. Breyer, the author of the court's opinion, said in announcing the decision.

The settlement was the latest in a series of cases that are reshaping the options that companies offer employees for investing the trillions of dollars held in 401(k) retirement accounts. Earlier this year, a federal judge gave preliminary approval to a settlement with participants in Lockheed Martin's 401(k) plan who sued the defense contractor for allowing excessive fees in their retirement plans.

The Supreme Court's ruling came as consumer advocates and the Obama administration have brought the previously obscure issue of the cost of investment fees under greater scrutiny. Earlier this year, President Obama endorsed a new regulation that would increase the standards for brokers who recommend investments for retirement accounts.

The Edison case will return to lower courts for further litigation on the scope of the company's duty to monitor investment options.

The case is Tibble v. Edison International.

http://www.washingtonpost.com

WP20150519401k0519

Document WP00000020150519eb5j0000v


News
Prepaid College Card Standards Elevated

By Tina Orem 
504 words
18 May 2015
Credit Union Times
BCUT
English
Copyright © 2015, ALM Media Properties, LLC. All rights reserved. 

Credit unions that issue debit and prepaid cards to college students receiving financial aid could soon find themselves answering to new rules from the Department of Education, the agency announced .

Under regulations made available for public comment on Friday, higher-education institutions would not be allowed to require students to deposit their financial aid dollars in accounts with specific financial institutions. The rules would also prohibit charging overdraft fees if students select accounts offered directly or indirectly by contractors that help schools disburse federal student aid. "Reasonable access" to surcharge-free ATMs and fee-free access to financial aid funds for a 30-day period would also be required.

The rule would establish two types of arrangements between schools and financial institutions: T1 arrangements, which are agreements to process federal aid on behalf of the school, and T2 arrangements, which involve agreements to market those accounts directly to students and their parents.

Higher-education institutions will also have to give students a list of account options for receiving their financial aid funds under the proposed rules, and the list options must be "presented in a neutral manner," according to the announcement. The student's preexisting bank account must appear first on the list, the Department of Education said.

Schools will not be allowed to share personal information about students or their parents with a financial institution unless the student or parents already have an account with the financial institution, the proposed rules said. School contracts with financial institutions governing the arrangements would be public record as well .

Finally, the proposed rules require higher-education institutions to ensure electronic payments to a students' preexisting account are made just as quickly as they would be to accounts marketed through the school.

"Through these proposed protections, the Education Department seeks to protect students from unreasonable account fees, safeguard taxpayer dollars, provide transparency regarding accounts offered to students by requiring disclosure of the agreements between institutions and financial account providers as well as the costs students incur, ensure students have a choice about how to receive their federal aid, and prohibit their personal information from being shared without their consent," the department said.

The rules could mean schools will have to spend more time reviewing contracts with financial institutions, reviewing ATM network access, creating fee disclosures and creating lists of neutral account options for students and their parents, the Department of Education noted.

"Financial account providers could have to deploy additional ATMs or pay fees to ATM network providers to comply with these proposed requirements," the department added.

The Government Accountability Office found that 11% of colleges and universities that get federal student aid have agreements with financial account providers , and about 40% of all postsecondary students are enrolled in schools with these agreements. Almost half of the schools that use college-affiliated debit and prepaid cards  to disburse financial aid are community colleges, the Department of Education said.

The public comment period is open until July 2, 2015.

Document BCUT000020150519eb5i0000k




Best E Cigarette UK Releases New Discount Coupon On New Jacvapour Series E

504 words
14 May 2015
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2015, M2 Communications. All rights reserved.    

Best E Cigarette UK has published new information on a special discount available for the newly released Jacvapour Series E E-cigarette, allowing people to get the latest e cig for less.

Electronic cigarettes were initially designed as a quitting aid for those trying to give up smoking, but their many advantages soon meant they in fact became more popular in certain circles than conventional, combustible cigarettes. As a result, the market is now flooded with cig-a-like e-cigarettes and more advanced vaporizers that offer a greater amount of customizability. Jacvapour has just released their new e-series, and Best E Cig UK has posted new information on the product line, together with special discounts.

Visitors to the Best E Cigarette UK site can discover a Jacvapour discount code that will enable them to save 15% on the price of the new Series E vapouriser. The item is lightweight and portable, and eschews a cig-a-like design for superior customization, usability and performance. The affordable unit is available now.

The item is not the only new product on the Best E Cigarette UK website, but it is one of the most hotly anticipated. The site provides top-line summaries of every product in order to give people quick and actionable buying advice, together with coupon codes wherever possible.

A spokesperson for Best E Cigarette UK explained, "Best E Cigarette UK is pleased to be able to offer key information on the brand new Jacvapour Series E, which features three click variable voltage, solid stainless steel design and high capacity load chamber for frequent and high volume users. The item is one of the most exciting to come along for a long while, and is eminently affordable compared to some of its high-end competitors. With accessories, extras and starter kits available, the item is perfect for a gift or for someone using cig-a-likes who wants to graduate to the next level of functionality and performance. We look forward to helping more people get a great deal on these items."

About Best E Cigarette UK:

Best E Cigarette UK is a fan-driven online resource center that helps vaping enthusiasts cut through the confusion of a crowded market with actionable, independent advice on the industry's best new products and accessories. The site is regularly updated by a committed team of professionals, and features special offers to garner users exclusive discounts on recommended products.

For more information please visit: http://www.bestecigarette.co.uk/Media  Contact

Company Name: E Cigs UK

Contact Person: Adam Carel

Email: admin@bestecigarette.co.uk

Phone: 7543572123

City: Wimbledon

State: London

Country: United Kingdom

Website: http://www.bestecigarette.co.uk/ 

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com  on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020150514eb5e004pj




Moody's Cuts Chicago's Debt to Junk

By Aaron Kuriloff      
504 words
13 May 2015
01:43 PM
Dow Jones Newswires Chinese (English)
RTNW
English
Copyright © 2015, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

Moody's Investors Service cut its rating on Chicago's debt to junk, citing expected increases in unfunded pension burdens after a ruling by the Illinois Supreme Court that overturned state pension changes.

The ratings firm dropped Chicago debt two notches to Ba1 from Baa2, with a negative outlook, saying the city's options for reducing the growth of its retirement system liabilities "have narrowed considerably." The ratings change could trigger about $2.2 billion in accelerated payments and fees, Moody's said.

"Whether or not the current statutes that govern Chicago's pension plans stand, we expect the costs of servicing Chicago's unfunded liabilities will grow, placing significant strain on the city's financial operations" in the absence of revenue growth or expense cuts, Moody's said.

Chicago's four pensions collectively have more than $20 billion in unfunded liabilities, and the city says it only has about half of the assets required to pay for retirement benefits. Moody's cited the "highly elevated" pension costs as cause for a February downgrade to Chicago's bond rating to two notches above junk.

Tuesday's move comes after an Illinois Supreme Court decision last week to strike down the state's 2013 pension overhaul. The law attempted to peel back cost-of-living adjustments to retirees and increase the retirement age for younger workers. Though the state ruling doesn't directly affect the Chicago pensions, it raises the risk that the city's proposed pension cuts won't stand up in the courts, Moody's said.

Mayor Rahm Emanuel said it was "irresponsible" for Moody's to base its decision on the overturning of a state pension bill that didn't include the city's changes. The firm also failed to acknowledge the city's growing economy or progress made on its financial problems, he said.

"While Chicago's financial crisis is very real and at our doorsteps, today's irresponsible decision by Moody's to downgrade the city's credit by two steps goes far beyond that reality," Mr. Emanuel said.

Howard Cure, director of municipal research at Evercore Wealth Management in New York, said his firm has been avoiding Chicago general-obligation bonds "for a while." But he said he was surprised Moody's cut the city's rating low enough to place it in junk territory.

"It's not as if the city's economy is doing badly," Mr. Cure said. "They're actually gaining population and having growth downtown. They have some big-city problems, but it's not a Detroit situation."

Mike Cherney and Timothy W. Martin contributed to this article.

Write to Aaron Kuriloff at AARON.KURILOFF@wsj.com

Access Investor Kit for Moody's Corp.

Visit http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=P479&isin=US6153691059

Access Investor Kit for Moody's Corp.

Visit http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=P479&isin=US6153691059

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

13-05-15 0343GMT

Document RTNW000020150513eb5d0003h




News
The beauty of diversifying your nest egg with a TFSA

jshea@personalmortgage.ca      
504 words
12 May 2015
The Hamilton Spectator
HMSP
English
Copyright (c) 2015 The Hamilton Spectator.      

I have seen it many times. Clients come to me ready to retire. They have done everything right and saved hundreds of thousands in their registered retirement savings plans - but nowhere else.

They are saddled with highly taxable, restricted retirement income. Handcuffed by the mandatory minimum withdrawals, some even see their government benefits clawed back.

In their defence, they didn't have many other choices while they were saving. But today, we have tax-free savings accounts (TFSAs) and the contribution limit has just been raised to $10,000 a year.

TFSAs are a great complement to RSPs and pension plans. I often advise clients to utilize the RRSP to optimize tax refunds but to also invest in a TFSA so when they retire, they will have a nice pot of non-taxable investments for lump sum purchases.

This is especially true for those participating in their company pension plan because those funds will be highly restricted by minimum, and maximum, withdrawal amounts.

So if you dream of buying a boat or mobile home in retirement, you'll want to fund your TFSA alongside your RRSP to have the cash available.

TFSAs have been around since 2009 and people have not been too jazzed about them.

Perhaps they couldn't get excited about the amount of tax savings on the $5,500 they were initially allowed to put in each year. In the last federal budget, however, the contribution limit was raised to $10,000, making things a little more interesting.

Annual contribution limits can also be carried forward. This means if you are over 18 and have not contributed since TFSAs made their debut, you can put in $41,000 this year.

TFSAs, like RRSPs, are not investment vehicles but plans into which you put those vehicles. You register for the plan and then choose which type of investment you might wish to use within it.

People often ask whether they should invest in their RRSP or their TFSA.

RRSP contributions provide an immediate tax refund and grow tax-free, but are taxed when you take the money out. TFSAs also grow tax-free but do not provide a refund and the money is not taxed when you take it out.

The general rule is if you make less than $50,000 a year, it might be better to contribute to a TFSA because RRSPs aren't as tax-efficient for those in a lower tax bracket. You could end up paying more tax when you take it out in retirement than the tax you'll save by putting it in now.

Every case is different, however, so it's prudent to talk to a professional.

The higher contribution limits have changed the playing field. With larger limits come more creative ways to utilize a TFSA, such as transferring existing RRSPs into it.

Also, you can name a beneficiary in a TFSA, which allows for some estate planning.

Document HMSP000020150512eb5c00107




Investing
Cineplex sees concession sales soar to record heights

David Friend, The Canadian Press    
504 words
8 May 2015
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2015 Canwest News Service    

TORONTO - Moviegoers chowed down on more popcorn and burgers at Cineplex theatres over the winter, helping concession sales climb to record heights as audiences took in Hollywood hits like "American Sniper" and "Fifty Shades of Grey."

Canada's largest movie theatre company said Friday that average concession spending jumped 2.6 per cent to $5.18 per patron as customers responded to a broader selection of food options.

Some theatres recently started cooking a new selection of burgers and wraps alongside traditional favourites like popcorn and chocolate, while Cineplex has opened more VIP theatres, which let audiences order from a menu of appetizers and alcoholic beverages.

"We are offering more choices and making them in meal sizes people can consume in the theatre," chief executive Ellis Jacob said in an interview.

"With the addition of VIP, we've got a couple of new locations, and that will continue to build the revenue per person."

Related

Cineplex chief expects more from 2015 film lineup as Star Wars, Avengers set to draw crowds( http://business.financialpost.com/fp-tech-desk/cineplex-chief-expects-more-from-2015-film-lineup-as-star-wars-avengers-set-to-draw-crowds  )

Cineplex Entertainment plans to launch complex featuring live performances, arcade games( http://business.financialpost.com/fp-tech-desk/cineplex-entertainment-plans-to-launch-complex-featuring-live-performances-arcade-games  )

Jacob said concession sales rose even further last weekend, above $6 per patron, as audiences lined up for the opening of "Avengers: Age of Ultron" across the country.

During the first quarter, Cineplex (TSX:CGX) profits more than doubled to $10.5 million, or 17 cents per share, as several hit titles eclipsed the underperforming slate from the same period last year.

Overall box office revenue declined slightly to an average of $8.90 per patron.

Even though "American Sniper" connected with Canadian audiences, it still managed to fall short of its astonishing performance in the U.S., where it shattered box-office records for the winter months.

About six per cent of North American box-office revenue for "American Sniper" came from Canada, well below the 10 per cent most films bring in, Jacob said. During the same period, British title "The Imitation Game" pulled in about 15 per cent of the box-office revenue, he added.

"It was a little bit of a ladies' quarter," Jacob said, pointing to "Cinderella" as another successful title during the period.

Overall attendance at Cineplex theatres edged up by 1.5 per cent, but the company said it was affected by extreme winter weather in parts of Atlantic Canada and fewer 3D movies compared with the same time last year.

Total revenue at Cineplex increased 3.5 per cent to $289.8 million.

Jacob says the company's efforts to diversify its business have put Cineplex in a good position, and dividends to shareholders will be going up by four per cent, starting with the payment made in June.

Document CWNS000020150508eb58004h8




MORTGAGE RATES BATTLE STEPPED UP

By Vicky Shaw, Press Association Personal Finance Correspondent      
504 words
1 May 2015
09:01 AM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2015, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

The battle between mortgage lenders to offer ultra-low rates has been stepped up, with the launch of a two-year deal with a record low rate of 1.09%.

The Co-operative Bank has launched the fixed-rate loan, which is available to borrowers with a 40% deposit who can stump up an arrangement fee of £1,499.

Charlotte Nelson, a spokeswoman for financial information website Moneyfacts, said the rate on the deal is the lowest of its kind that the website has on its records going back to 1988.

Meanwhile, Barclays has announced plans to re-launch its innovative "family springboard" mortgage from May 6. The mortgage helps first-time buyers with only a 5% deposit to get on the property ladder by allowing their parents to put some money equating to 10% of the house purchase price into a savings account which is then linked to the mortgage.

First-time buyers taking out the fee-free mortgage will see a stepped reduction in the interest rate they pay over a three year period. This means that in the first year, someone taking out a loan would pay a rate of 2.99%, in the second year they would pay 2.79% and in the third year they would pay 2.59%.

The reducing rate would mean that a borrower with a £180,000 loan would save £636 over the initial three-year term compared with a three-year rate at 2.99%, Barclays calculated.

After the three years is up, the money held in the savings account would be released back to the parents with interest, provided that the mortgage repayments have been kept up to date.

As well as this, Barclays is launching a new five-year fixed-rate mortgage at 1.99%. The rate is available for borrowers with a 40% deposit and comes with a £1,999 fee.

HSBC also recently launched a a five-year fixed-rate mortgage onto the market with a rate of 1.99% for people with a 40% deposit, making that deal the lowest of its kind that Moneyfacts had ever recorded.

According to Moneyfacts' records, the average rate on a five-year fixed rate mortgage lenders are offering across all deposit sizes was 3.55% last month, having fallen from 4.04% a year ago. Five years ago, the average five-year fix came with a rate of 5.87%.

Experts have predicted the Bank of England base rate is likely to remain at ultra-low levels for some time yet, keeping the cost of borrowing relatively low.

A recent Bank of England credit conditions survey of banks and building societies found that mortgage availability is set to increase further in the coming months.

Lenders told the Bank they expect demand for mortgages for house purchase to increase in the coming three months and that they have become more willing to lend to people with deposits under 10%.

ends

Document PRESSA0020150430eb4u009l2


News
Regulatory watch: IRA rollovers, leakage, DC plan annuities

By Warren S. Hersch      
504 words
27 April 2015
www.LifeHealthPro.com
LHP
English
Copyright © 2015. ALM Media. All Rights Reserved.      

How U.S. regulators resolve key issues bearing on retirement plan assets could have significant consequences for financial service professionals and their clients, according to a new report.

Cerulli Associates explores potential regulatory changes in the retirement planning space in the April 2015 edition of "The Cerulli Edge: U.S. Edition." The report examines how regulations will reshape asset and wealth management, challenges in developing a harmonized fiduciary standard that properly balances industry and investor interests, and uncovers regulatory developments governing banks.

"Legislative guidance and policy changes are focusing on evolving the employer-sponsored [defined contribution] plan, which creates significant implication for providers across the asset management and wealth management industries," the report states. "While policymakers are attempting to solve for wide-ranging issues, the proposed solutions, in many cases, encourage plan participants to leave assets in an employer sponsored plan, rather than rolling over into an individual retirement account (IRA) when they leave their employer.

"Given the dependence of the wealth and asset management industries on rollovers as a source of assets and revenue, these legislative changes present a secular risk," the report adds.

The risk is particularly great for advisors. As the report notes, IRAs account for the largest component of advisors' book of business - 44 percent. Also a substantial part: non-qualified plans and personal trust assets for high net worth individuals (44 percent); employer-sponsored retirement plans (10 percent); and institutional assets (10 percent).

One issue of concern to Cerulli is the potential for a tightening of limitations and on marketing and sales techniques used by providers used to direct IRA rollovers from DC plans. Whatever regulatory developments may ensue, Cerulli believes the impact on advisors will be minimal. The reason: The quality of existing advisor-client relationships count for more than advertising and sales in investors' decision-making.

Turning to a secondary regulatory theme, leakage - assets leaving the retirement system when a plan participant separates from service - the report questions whether Department of Labor recommendations to boost consumer education about the impact of cashing out retirement saving will measurably reduce leakage.

The report suggests that other flexibility-inducing options designed to prevent leakage, such as allowing brokerage windows or "sidecar IRAs" inside a DC plan, could undermine adoption of qualified default investment alternatives. Among them: increasingly popular target-date funds.

Respecting a third regulatory development, the DOL's permitting the use of annuities in target-date funds, Cerulli questions the wisdom of including such products in DC plans. Retirement income planning, the report argues, "must be a process," as opposed to a product.

"The process of setting a retirement income strategy is complex and multifaceted at best," the report states. "Given the environment of low interest rates, which pressures both bond yields and annuity pricing, designing a retirement income plan requires some degree of advice and guidance as to optimizing current income against the necessary asset appreciation to last through a 20- or 30-year retirement."

Document LHP0000020150428eb4r00002




Moneypower
Spending: Travel deals to South America

MIRIAM CROSS Kiplinger's Personal Finance      
504 words
26 April 2015
Tulsa World
TUL
English
Copyright 2015 Tulsa World. Distributed by NewsBank, Inc.      

It's a good time for a South American adventure, especially because of favorable exchange rates. Just remember that the Southern hemisphere's springtime is in September, October and November. July and August are peak ski season in mountainous areas.

Argentina: The vibrant capital city of Buenos Aires is a mix of old European architecture and trendy neighborhoods packed with cafes and designer boutiques. You can view Argentinean masterworks free at the National Museum of Fine Arts or stumble upon an impromptu tango lesson at the open-air Plaza Dorrego market on Sundays. We found round-trip flights to Buenos Aires in August and September for less than $1,000 from New York City, or about $800 if you depart from Miami.

If you want to explore the rest of the country, book a long-distance bus. These buses usually come with amenities such as lie-flat seats, meals and free wine. Wineries that give Napa a run for its money dot the country, but if you have to pick one region, choose Mendoza, which is situated along the base of the Andes Mountains. It's a 13-hour journey by bus, but a one-way ticket in first-class costs about $125 (a one-way flight would cost about $175). Expect to pay $170 to $200 for a full-day private or small-group tour, which typically includes tastings at three or four wineries, a gourmet lunch and transportation from Mendoza. Stay at one of the city's stylish boutique hotels, such as centrally located Villaggio Hotel Boutique ($125 a night in September).

Patagonia: Otherworldly Patagonia, spanning the southern ends of Argentina and Chile, teems with ice fields, mountains, steppes and aquamarine lakes. One tour that traverses these landscapes is Viva Expeditions' Southern Explorer package, starting at $3,135, plus a local fee, in November (but keep an eye out for specials online). This 12-night trip includes hiking through national parks, trekking over glaciers, boat expeditions and a visit to Ushuaia, the southernmost city in the world. Most accommodations and meals are included. A one-way flight from Buenos Aires to El Calafate, one starting point for the tour, costs about $200.

Chile: Many natural wonders abound in the north of Chile, but sticking to urban centers offers its own excitement. The towering peaks of the Andes form a backdrop to the capital, Santiago. Ski resorts are one or two hours away; you can buy a day pass for about $55 during the low season (roughly late August onward). In a beach mood? The Pacific coast is also a couple of hours away. We found flights from Boston to Santiago for $800 in September, when four-star hotels in the city average $189 a night.

Miriam Cross is a reporter at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com. Ffor more on this and similar money topics, visit kiplinger.com.

Document TUL0000020150426eb4q0006j




Business
Can I make use of new pension freedoms?

504 words
18 April 2015
The Daily Telegraph
DT
1; National
5
English
The Daily Telegraph © 2015. Telegraph Media Group Ltd.      

QI'm just trying to find out how the new pension freedoms apply to people such as myself who have retired recently. I retired in April 2015 and the pensions I have are all annuities.

Can I cancel these and take lump sums? AK, by email Sophie Christie replies: A The pension freedoms don't apply to all pension plans. The freedoms aim to give people at the point of retirement more options and greater choice in how they set up their pension income for their retirement.

From launch on April 6, the freedoms apply to personal pensions, stakeholder pensions and Sipps (selfinvested personal pensions) where benefits have yet to be taken, and income drawdown plans (where benefits are being taken). They are not available on most company pension schemes, whether in payment or not, state pensions or annuities that have already been set up.

An annuity is a financial product which is used to provide a guaranteed income for your lifetime and, where selected, your spouse as well should you die first. Annuities are offered by insurance companies and the annuity is bought using the value of your pension pot.

Danny Cox, a financial planner at Hargreaves Lansdown, said that once set up, an annuity could not be cancelled or altered. The only exception being that annuities usually come with a 30-day "right to cancel" whereby you can cancel the agreement and have the money returned to your pension company.

If you are still within your cancellation rights period you could exercise this and then review your options under the pension freedoms. Your annuity company will be able to tell you if you can do this. Normally the cancellation rights period starts when you sign the paperwork.

If you could cancel, the money would normally be returned to your pension provider, Mr Cox said. You would then be able to decide how you took your pension. Look at your options carefully, do your research, and take advantage of the free government Pension Wise service, which can give you guidance. Withdrawing a lump sum may seem attractive but it will be subject to income tax and it's important to ensure that you will have sufficient income to live on.

If you cannot cancel your annuities they will remain as they are. However, there is a plan to allow people to "cash in" their annuities in the future. There is a government consultation in progress about how this might work but it is unlikely to be available, if at all, until 2016.

Mr Cox added: "If you are able to trade in your annuity in the future, you will be exchanging your guaranteed income for a lump sum. This lump sum is likely to be lower than the amount used to buy your pension in the first place and taxable. The amount of tax will depend upon your other income in the tax year so you should check this carefully before making any decisions."

Document DT00000020150418eb4i000k8




Average US rate on 30-year mortgage falls to 3.66 percent

504 words
10 April 2015
02:26 AM
Associated Press Newswires
APRS
English
(c) 2015.    The Associated Press.    All Rights Reserved.      

WASHINGTON (AP) - Average long-term U.S. mortgage rates declined this week, approaching historically low levels with the spring home-buying season underway.

Mortgage giant Freddie Mac said Thursday the national average for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage slipped to 3.66 percent from 3.70 percent last week.

The average rate for a 15-year mortgage, popular with homeowners who refinance, fell to 2.93 percent from 2.98 percent last week.

A year ago, the average 30-year mortgage rate was 4.34 percent and the 15-year rate was 3.38 percent. The 30-year average rate reached a record low of 3.35 percent in November and December 2012, when the 15-year rate hit a record low 2.66 percent.

Mortgage rates have remained low even though the Federal Reserve in October ended its monthly bond purchases, designed to hold down long-term rates. The Fed signaled recently that it's still not ready to start raising short-term rates, after keeping them near zero for over six years.

Tepid job growth in March, as shown in a government report last Friday, could make the Fed less likely to begin raising rates in June, as some have been anticipating. The Fed could decide that the economy still needs the benefit of low borrowing costs to generate healthy growth.

The Labor Department report indicated that a weakening U.S. economy spilled into the job market last month as employers added just 126,000 jobs - the fewest since December 2013.

Fed officials disagreed widely when they met last month on when they would be ready to lift rates. Minutes of the March 17-18 meeting released Wednesday show that several policymakers predicted a rate hike in June, while others concerned about low inflation didn't think a rate hike would be warranted until later this year. Still others said the economy wouldn't be strong enough for an increase until 2016.

To calculate average mortgage rates, Freddie Mac surveys lenders across the country at the beginning of each week. The average doesn't include extra fees, known as points, which most borrowers must pay to get the lowest rates. One point equals 1 percent of the loan amount.

The average fee for a 30-year mortgage was 0.6 point, unchanged from last week. The fee for a 15-year mortgage also remained at 0.6 point.

The average rate on a five-year adjustable-rate mortgage fell to 2.83 percent from 2.92 percent. The fee stayed at 0.5 point.

For a one-year ARM, the average rate was unchanged at 2.46 percent. The fee remained at 0.4 point.

FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2015 file photo, a realty sign is posted in front of a home for sale in Jackson, Miss. Freddie Mac reports on average U.S. mortgage rates on Thursday, April 9, 2015. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis, File)      

Document APRS000020150409eb4900388


Treasury must merge pension and ISA tax regimes - Michael Johnson

Jenna Towler      
504 words
8 April 2015
Professional Adviser
PROFADV
English
© 2015 Incisive Media Investments Limited, published by Incisive Financial Publishing Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 04252091 & 04252093      

The pensions and ISA regimes should be unified as the next logical step in the evolution of UK savings culture, Michael Johnson has said.

The Centre for Policy Studies research fellow, who earlier this year proclaimed the death of pensions, argues the current savings landscape is characterised by a "fundamental schism" between pensions and ISAs.

He said up-front tax relief on pension contributions should be abolished and a workplace ISA should be introduced instead of traditional retirement savings vehicles.

Johnson called for a wholesale shift from the current tax relief system attached to pensions - 'exempt, exempt, taxed' (EET) - to 'taxed, exempt, exempt' (TEE) relief on savings.

He said it was a logical progression of the pensions freedom and choice policy first announced in the 2014 Budget.

"It is patently clear that tax relief and the 2014 Budget's liberalisation are incompatible: the door is wide open for wholesale reform, not tinkering, of tax relief," said Johnson.

Johnson said in 2013-2014 pension tax relief cost in total more than £52bn, adding the system was "inevitably regressive" and "inequitable and ineffective".

The research fellow also suggested successive saving-related policy initiatives taken by the government could be seen as stepping stones towards the ultimate merger of pensions and ISAs.

These include:

* Lifetime allowance cuts

* Hikes to ISA contribution limits

* End of the 'pensions death tax'

* Pensions freedom and choice

Workplace ISA

Johnson believes the framework for a workplace ISA should be introduced.

He said: "The workplace ISA beckons. These ISAs could incorporate a form of riskpooling in decumulation (i.e. auto-protection), to spread the post-retirement inflation, investment and longevity risks that few of us are equipped to manage by ourselves.

"Participation, however, should be optional, enabling savers to embrace the 2014 Budget's post-retirement liberalisations (notably, to take cash from pension pots)."

He added: "Workplace ISAs should include one or more features that maintain employer participation in retirement saving provision: today, employers contribute roughly 75% of all pension contributions.

"Any financial incentives, such as NICs rebates on employer contributions (note that TEE refers to the saver's income tax, not employer NICs) should, however, probably be accompanied by some form of 'lock-up' period."

Johnson urged employers to be consulted on any changes and said workplace ISAs should be included in auto-enrolment legislation, as well as being excluded from means-testing purposes akin to today's pension assets.

He argued for a 'big bang' move from the government to merge the two tax relief systems.

"In the interests of simplicity, the UK should grasp the nettle and adopt a clean 'big bang' approach to avoid some form of protracted, progressive, transition.

"The Treasury should identify a date when EET simply ceases in respect of all future contributions.

"Existing pension pots would close to further contributions, to be left to whither naturally, with the saver paying his marginal rate of income tax on withdrawals."

To view photo, click here.

Document PROFADV020150408eb4800004


News
Property tax increase at 3 per cent-for now

Katya Slepian      
504 words
2 April 2015
Alberni Valley News
ALVAL
Final
018
English
Copyright 2015 Black Press, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Alberni Valley News -- Property tax rates within the city of Port Alberni are proposed to increase by 3.0 per cent, following a special budget meeting on Monday, March 30.

The decision isn't yet final pending the passing of the financial plan and property tax bylaws at the end of April.

The city started with a 2.8 per cent increase when budget discussions began in January, dipped to 2.2 per cent and are now hovering around 3.0 per cent.

According to city manager Ken Watson, this was based on opening the SPCA on Mondays for $16,000, an extra half-time economic development office position for $50,000, planters on Johnston Road for $10,000, city hall wooden siding for $35,000, tsunami system speaker upgrades for $43,000 and online streaming of council meetings for $15,000. A $25,000 reduction in street sweeping had also been previously approved.

Upgrading the aging telephone system in municipal government buildings and a new dedicated vehicle for the bylaw enforcement officer was approved from ERRF and will have no effect on taxation this year.

At the March 30 meeting, the manager structure pay review was approved for a cost of $50,000, despite concerns being raised that a review had been done just four years ago.

Digitizing the city's GIS system was approved at a cost of $40,000, while a $30,000 external marketing contract with the Chamber of Commerce was deferred until discussion could be had with Alberni Valley Tourism.

Council said no to spending $250,000 on Canal Beach.

"I don't know that I would ever support $250,000 of taxpayer money going into this,' Coun. Ron Paulson said.

After the meeting, Paulson clarified that he wasn't against the project, just the price tag.

"In all good conscience I can't go to the taxpayer for $250,000 this year,' he said.

Citing his experience in fundraising for the Multiplex, Paulson said that "I believe that there are ways of getting those projects done and not totally on the taxpayers' heels.'

While service groups had previously been called upon to help fix up Canal Beach, Coun. Dan Washington said that a lack of security at the site was an issue.

Speaking after the meeting, director of parks, recreation and heritage Scott Kenny said that the restrictive covenant on the site "prohibits overnight stays, so we'd have to clear that with Western Forest Products.'

Regarding the Tseshaht First Nation, who own the land to the site of Canal Beach, Kenny said they'd been approached.

"I've had discussions with them and the people that I've talked to have absolutely no interest in opening that up to the public.'

The financial plan bylaw will be introduced and read three times during the regular council meeting on April 13.

reporter@albernivalleynews.com

twitter.com/AlberniNews

Copyright 2015 Alberni Valley News

Document ALVAL00020150403eb420000e




get-there
Good news: Millennials are savers after all

By Jonnelle Marte      
504 words
1 April 2015
Washington Post.com
WPCOM
English
Copyright 2015, The Washington Post Co.    All Rights Reserved.      

When I wrote last week about the cost of not saving for retirement while you're young, many of the comments from readers shared a theme: Saving is really, really difficult.

The post was flooded with comments like "You can't save what you don't have." People shared stories of their personal challenges with saving while paying student loans, caring for children and struggling to find better paying jobs - all legitimate obstacles.

But a survey released this week by Bankrate.com brought some good news. Despite all of these valid reasons for not putting money away, most millennials are saving something: 37 percent were saving 5 percent or less of their pay for retirement, emergencies and other financial goals.

That may not sound like much, but it is more than double the 18 percent of people who said they weren't saving anything. Plus many millennials are saving much more. Twenty percent said they were stashing 6 to 10 percent of their salaries and about one in five were saving more than 10 percent, according to the survey.

The study supports another idea I brought up last week: That many workers put off saving until they are making more money. About 35 percent of households earning $50,000 to $75,000 a year are saving more than 10 percent of their income. That compares to 19 percent of people making $30,000 to $50,000 and 12 percent of people making $30,000 or less.

Still as I previously reported, even small contributions to a retirement savings account can go a long way when workers give the money time to grow. Many readers shared success stories with setting up savings accounts early in their careers for which they were grateful later on. Some of the contributions talked about were small, about $50 a paycheck.

Indeed, when retirement savings goals are broken down into small steps, they begin to look much more attainable.

Take someone earning $30,000. A 5 percent contribution to a retirement account would amount to less than $30 a week. That may still be a difficult sacrifice for some families, but those who can pull it off would have $1,500 saved at the end of the year and another $225 in annual tax savings if the money goes into a tax-deferred retirement account.

Not bad, when you consider that those small steps would leave them better off than the average household. The median 401(k) balance was $18,433 at the end of 2013, according to the Employee Benefit Research Institute, though savings levels varied widely. Close to 40 percent of participants had account balances of less than $10,000, while roughly 20 percent savers had more than $100,000 saved.

Read More:

Why putting off retirement savings until you make more money is a big mistake

Can achieving retirement security be easier than we think?

The case for not paying off your mortgage by retirement

Document WPCOM00020150401eb410043b


Consumer: Investigation over pension data sales

504 words
30 March 2015
Yorkshire Evening Post
YORKEP
English
(c) 2015 Johnston Publishing Limited      

An investigation has been launched into claims millions of people's pension pot details are being sold and ending up in the hands of criminals.

Pensioners' salaries, the value of their investments and the size of their pensions are being sold for as little as FIVE PENCE without their consent.

The financial details are allegedly being bought by fraudsters and cold-calling firms according to the Daily Mail.

The paper reports that its undercover reporters were sold pension pot details for 15,000 people without any checks being made on who they were and what they wanted the data for.

The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the privacy watchdog, has launched an investigation into the claims and said it would be speaking to the Pensions Regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority and police.

The probe comes ahead of pension reforms, which will give Britons the chance to access their full retirement pots.

Experts at the ICO have previously warned that the pension reforms on April 6 could result in a flood of scams on the scale of "the next PPI scandal".

Steve Eckersley, the head of enforcement at the ICO, said the revelations are "very worrying indeed".

He said: "It suggests a frequent disregard of laws that are in place specifically to protect consumers. We will be launching an investigation immediately.

"We're aware of allegations raised against several companies involved in the cold-calling sector, and will be making inquiries to establish whether there have been any breaches of the Data Protection Act or Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations.

"The ICO has powers to issue companies with fines of up to £500,000 for the most serious breaches of the Data Protection Act, while we can also pursue criminal prosecutions around unlawfully obtaining or accessing personal data."

An ICO spokesman said it appeared that some firms were getting their hands on pension details because some people do not read the terms and conditions of contracts they sign, leaving them open to having their personal data accessed.

However, he said that it appeared some companies were getting and selling on the information unlawfully.

Some details appear to have been stolen, while other firms appear to have kept personal information when they should have deleted it.

Discussing the pension reforms, Mr Eckersley added: "The information we've been shown supports the work we've been doing to target the shady industry that operates behind the nuisance of cold calls and spam texts."

PENSION REFORMS COME INTO FORCE

About half a million older savers will be handed radical new freedoms as a "new pensions culture" dawns next week.

From April 6 onwards, people aged 55 and over will be deciding what to do with retirement savings.

When people come to retire, they will no longer be required to use their pension pot to buy a retirement annuity.

Under the new reforms, older savers will be able to access their pots how they wish, subject to their marginal rate of income tax.

Document YORKEP0020150331eb3u00005




Investing
Amaya to sell Cadillac Jack game development unit for $476 million to AGS

Ross Marowits, Canadian Press      
504 words
30 March 2015
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2015 Canwest News Service      

MONTREAL - Amaya announced a $476-million deal Monday to sell its holdings in the Cadillac Jack casino game business as the PokerStars owner focuses on the lucrative online gaming business acquired last year.

The Montreal-based company said the buyer is AGS, an affiliate of funds managed by Apollo Global Management.

AGS will give Amaya $461 million in cash and a $15-million note due on the eighth anniversary of the deal closing for the shares of Amaya Americas Corp., the indirect parent of Cadillac Jack.

The agreement comes five months after Amaya launched a strategic review of its business.

Last week, the company announced it was spinning off its Diamond Game Enterprises subsidiary through an initial public offering of a newly formed Innova Gaming Group. Innova will hold all the shares of Diamond Game, which designs and develops games, primarily for the North American lottery sector.

The moves follow Amaya's US$4.9-billion deal last June to buy the world's largest online poker company, operator of popular brands PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker.

Related

After US$4.9B PokerStars masterstroke, Amaya CEO hints at bigger move into offline gambling( http://business.financialpost.com/2014/06/13/amaya-pokerstars/ )

Amaya Gaming's stock looking more like a jackpot for lucky investors( http://business.financialpost.com/2014/11/19/amaya-gamings-stock-looking-more-like-a-jackpot-for-lucky-investors/ )

Amaya Gaming hits all-time high as regulators approve Rational deal( http://business.financialpost.com/2014/07/29/amaya-gaming-hits-all-time-high-as-regulators-approve-rational-deal/ )

Amaya CEO David Baazov said Cadillac Jack has grown significantly since it acquired the business in 2012 for $177 million.

"We are confident that combining Cadillac Jack with AGS presents a strong opportunity to expedite the company's growth strategy, while at the same time crystallizing on the strong value created in the business to benefit Amaya's shareholders," he stated in a news release.

Cadillac Jack has more than 13,000 games installed in casinos and a library of 165 game titles. It has also begun to develop online versions of some of its titles.

The deal is subject to various approvals, including from gaming industry regulators.

Amaya expects the deal will close this year. It intends to use money from the deal to reduce debt.

AGS is a designer and manufacturer of casino gaming products. Parent company Apollo has about US$160 billion of assets under management.

"After what can only be categorized as an incredibly transformational year for AGS, the acquisition of Cadillac Jack further demonstrates that we are positioned to take the next step in establishing ourselves as a major player in the gaming industry," stated AGS chief executive David Lopez.

Amaya reports its fourth-quarter and 2014 results on Tuesday.

On the Toronto Stock Exchange, its shares rose 7.85% in Monday morning trading, gaining $2.19 at $30.09.

Document CWNS000020150330eb3u002mj




Transamerica Announces March 30 Webinar on Maximizing Social Security Benefits

504 words
24 March 2015
11:01 PM
PR Newswire (U.S.)
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2015    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved.      


Financial expert Bob Regenfuss will present effective strategies for getting the most out of Social Security 
 

DENVER, March 24, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Transamerica announced today that it will host a free educational webinar on Social Security, which will offer ways to maximize benefits and address common misconceptions about Social Security. The webinar will be held on March 30 at 1 p.m. ET, and anyone can participate.

The webinar is the first in a series of retirement planning webinars hosted by Your Financial Life, a free retirement planning and counseling resource provided by Transamerica. The 30-minute webinar will be followed by a brief question and answer session.

The webinar's featured speaker is Bob Regenfuss, a financial expert and regional manager at Transamerica. He holds the FINRA Series 7, 63, and 66 registrations and is a Chartered Retirement Planning Counselor (CRPC(R)) professional. Regenfuss has dedicated most of his career to the retirement planning industry and is passionate about helping individuals better understand important financial topics that can impact their lives.

"Social Security is an extremely important part of retirement income planning," said Regenfuss. "My objective for this and other Your Financial Life webinars is to help people improve their financial outlook in the future."

Those interested in attending the webinar can register here or call 855-705-8644. Space is limited, so early registration is recommended.

Securities offered by Transamerica Investors Securities Corporation (TISC), 440 Mamaroneck Avenue, Harrison, NY 10528. Transamerica Retirement Solutions is an affiliate of TISC.

About Transamerica

With a history that dates back over 100 years, the Transamerica companies are recognized as leading providers of life insurance, savings and retirement and investment solutions, serving millions of customers throughout all fifty of the United States.

Transamerica works to Transform Tomorrow(R) for those who entrust its dedicated professionals with their financial needs, helping them take the necessary steps to achieve their long-term goals and aspirations. Transamerica's 10,000 employees serve nearly every customer segment, providing a broad range of quality life insurance and savings products, individual and group pension plans, as well as asset management services.

Transamerica's corporate headquarters is located in Baltimore, Maryland, with other major corporate operations based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Transamerica is a member of the Aegon group of companies. Aegon is one of the world's largest life insurance, pension and asset management groups, operating in over 25 markets worldwide with over 28,000 employees. For the full year 2014, Aegon managed $675 billion in revenue generating investments.

www.transamerica.com

The reference to Transamerica and Aegon relates to affiliated operating companies.

Media inquiries

Hank Williams

Phone: 319-355-7789

Email: hank.williams@transamerica.com

Julie Quinlan

Phone: 213-742-5134

Email: julie.quinlan@transamerica.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/transamerica-announces-march-30-webinar-on-maximizing-social-security-benefits-300054908.html

SOURCE Transamerica

Web site: http://www.transamerica.com

Document PRN0000020150324eb3o000ay


My First Home
Homes
Cutting the costs of home ownership

METRO NEWS SERVICE      
504 words
19 March 2015
24 hours Vancouver
TWFHVA
vancouver
16
English
2015 Sun Media Corporation      

Owning a home is a dream for many people. But even the most affordable homes can be a considerable expense, which is why many homeowners are on constant lookout for ways to cut the costs of home ownership.

Men and women who have owned their homes for years may already know of various ways they can save money each month.

But first-time homeowners may not be so savvy, which can leave them scrambling for ways to save each month. Fortunately, homeowners can reduce the cost of owning their homes in a variety of ways.

Refinance your mortgage: The average homeowner would point to his or her mortgage payment as his or her biggest monthly expense. First-time homeowners may assume they have no leeway with regard to lowering that payment, but that's not necessarily true.

Interest rates fluctuate every day, and homeowners might be able to take advantage of that fluctuation by refinancing their mortgages to earn lower interest rates. Depending on the amount of the loan, a homeowner might be able to save hundreds of dollars per month and tens of thousands of dollars over the life of the loan after refinancing his or her mortgage. Research current interest rates to determine if refinancing is in your best interest.

Reexamine your insurance policy: When borrowing money to buy a home, borrowers need to have homeowner's insurance. It's easy to forget these policies and simply pay the premium each month. But homeowners looking to save money should periodically reexamine their policies and compare these existing policies to those they might be able to get from other providers.

Comparison shopping can save homeowners substantial amounts of money. Homeowners willing to purchase their homeowners and auto insurance policies from the same provider also can save a considerable amount of money, sometimes as much as 15% depending on the provider.

Make safety upgrades: Another way to cut the cost of home ownership is to upgrade your home's safety features. Many insurance companies offer discounts to homeowners who install alarm systems, sprinklers or storm shutters in their homes.

But homeowners should confirm their eligibility for such discounts before making any upgrades, as policies may differ depending on the provider.

Purchase eco-friendly appliances for your home: The appliances in your home at the time of purchase will inevitably wear down, and replacing such items can be expensive. But replacing older appliances with more eco-friendly alternatives can save you money on your monthly utility bills, as more and more appliances are now made with energy savings in mind.

Cutting your energy consumption leads to lower utility bills, and you may even be eligible for government rebates when buying products that meet certain energy-saving standards.

The cost of home ownership is on the rise, but homeowners can take several steps to alleviate those costs.

FILE PHOTO \    Homeowners can reduce the cost of owning their homes in a variety of ways. \      

Document TWFHVA0020150319eb3j00007




Financial Post Investing
Why Fed's huge US$5.4T balance sheet could steer rate-hike policy

Jonathan Ratner      
National Post
504 words
17 March 2015
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
FP6
English
(c) 2015 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

The normalization of U.S. Federal Reserve policy is supposed to go like this: First, the central bank begins to hike rates, then it allows maturing securities to run off, which results in its balance sheet shrinking.

But since the Fed has expanded its balance sheet to US$5.4-trillion from US$900-billion in August 2008, things might go a little different this time around. That's in large part because the US$210-billion of treasury securities held in the Fed's System Open Market Account (SOMA) mature in 2016, with roughly two-thirds of that maturing in the first part of the year.

"This implies that the Federal Reserve will have to make decisions about the trajectory of monetary policy between now and the start of 2016," said Scotiabank economist Dov Zigler.

He thinks indecision would be a difficult and increasingly unpalatable option, equivalent to tightening monetary policy as the Fed's balance sheet would shrink.

Doing nothing, Mr. Zigler pointed out, means that the Fed's balance sheet would contract by as much as US$1.1-trillion through 2019 just from maturing Treasury securities alone.

Of course, treasuries mature regularly, and did so as the Fed expanded its balance sheet. With the largest maturities from SOMA beginning at the end of 2018, the economist doesn't think it will be a very appealing policy for the Fed to roll over more than US$1-trillion of securities.

As a result, Mr. Zigler thinks it is more likely that the Fed stops reinvesting the proceeds of maturing treasury securities at some point in the next couple of years, and perhaps in early 2016.

Some of the principal can still be reinvested, but either way, the process will be key to the Fed's gradual roll-back of its stimulus efforts that were triggered by the financial crisis.

If the U.S. economy takes a turn for the worse, the Fed can always reinvest maturing securities in a manner that aims to match the current composition of its balance sheet.

However, Mr. Zigler considers this unlikely since the Fed has a large proportion of longer-dated treasuries in its holdings, which have an estimated 100-basis-point impact on the benchmark 10-year treasury note. Nonetheless, maturity extension is always a tool in the Fed's kit.

"If the FOMC were to wish to maintain an accommodative policy indefinitely, it would have to either gain comfort with holding a very large share of short-term treasury securities or engage in a variant of its maturity extension program," Mr. Zigler said. "A more likely alternative is the eventual normalization of the balance sheet's size probably in a fashion that avails itself of the run-off of the Fed's holdings of securities - which starts to happen of its own volition next year, thereby necessitating choices in the coming months."

Document FINP000020150317eb3h00056




YourMoney
YM UK pension lead

Ben Harvey      
504 words
16 March 2015
The West Australian
TWAU
First
4
English
(c) 2015, West Australian Newspapers Limited      

Australians who worked in the British health and education systems have been urged to work out whether they should transfer to Australia any superannuation funds they accumulated in Britain.

Anyone who contributed to British government-backed defined benefit schemes, such as the NHS and teaching profession, have less than three weeks to repatriate their funds, says West Coast Wealth Management consultant Mark Gibbons.

â|(80)|(9C)After April 2 you will no longer have the right to transfer the funds held in these accounts to either another British or foreign qualifying recognised overseas pension schemes (QROPS), â|(80)|(9C) Mr Gibbons said. â|(80)|(9C)This has forced many ex-pats to take action and seek the advice of the financial services industry around the world to assess the viability to remove their funds from their UK scheme.â|(80)|(9D)

Mr Gibbons said the changes to the British pension system were made to address the countryâ|(80)|(99)s looming retirement crisis.

â|(80)|(9C)It was a system forged in the times when life expectancy was 67, there was a young working population and all members of society worked from the age of 18 to 65,â|(80)|(9D) Mr Gibbons said. â|(80)|(9C)Times have changed.

â|(80)|(9C)The UK has an ageing population as life expectancy has risen. Many people do not enter the workforce until 22, which means that the schemes that relied upon the contributions of the workforce to pay for the pensioners have severe funding issues.

â|(80)|(9C)The population also has an issue funding their retirement as you have on average 38 years of working life to pay for nearly 30 years of retirement.

â|(80)|(9C)As a result, all but three of the top FTSE 100 companies have closed their final salary schemes, several schemes have very publicly gone into administration and others have a pension deficit so large that it would not be satisfied even if they were to liquidate all of their assets.â|(80)|(9D)

Mr Gibbons warned Your Money readers to think carefully before moving funds.

â|(80)|(9C)Many financial advisers would happily have you believe that this is the right thing to do as they will ultimately profit from their movement,â|(80)|(9D) he said. â|(80)|(9C)However, every pension fund is unique, as is every personâ|(80)|(99)s situation. Even if you do decide to move them the trepidation does not stop there as you may be liable for up to 55 per cent tax when the money leaves the UK.

â|(80)|(9C)This remains in place for five clear tax years after your exit from the country, and you may even be taxed at your highest marginal rate when the funds reach Australia, leaving you far from prepared for retirement.â|(80)|(9D)

To see if you have funds from that working holiday in London visit www.gov.uk/find-lost-pension

Document TWAU000020150315eb3g0002t


Redfin; Redfin: 2015 Could Be the Biggest Year for Housing since the Bust

504 words
13 March 2015
Real Estate Weekly News
REWKN
145
English
© Copyright 2015 Real Estate Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2015 MAR 13 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Real Estate Weekly News -- 2015 is shaping up to be the biggest year for real estate since the great recession, according to Redfin (www.redfin.com), the customer-first real estate brokerage. Redfin customers requesting home tours, an early indicator of housing market performance, jumped nearly 50 percent from a year ago and the number of newly listed homes for sale rose to the highest level since mid-2013, setting the stage for accelerating growth in the housing market in 2015, according to a Redfin analysis that tracks thousands of homebuyers across the country.

More sellers are putting properties on the market, too. The number of homes listed for sale increased 6.3 percent in January from a year earlier. More homes went on the market in January than any other month since August 2013.

The growing supply of homes for sale already has put the brakes on rising prices, a trend Redfin expects to continue. Price growth has slowed every month since November, and Redfin predicts median sale prices will rise only 3.5 percent this month, the smallest increase since February 2012, when prices rose 2.9 percent.

Competition is fierce in several markets, such as Denver, where the median number of days homes spent on the market was 15. Last January, that number was 57, roughly six weeks longer. In Nashville, where inventory is down 14.2 percent year over year, Redfin agent Mel Priess reports that every offer he has written in the past week has faced a bidding war. In one situation, an multi-family home for sale received 17 offers by the end of its first showing.

To read the full report, complete with data and insights regarding market-by-market changes in home inventory and prices, please visit: http://www.redfin.com/research/reports/real-time-housing-market-tracker/2015/market-tracker-january-2015.html. Connect with Redfin FacebookTwitterInstagramGoogle+LinkedInBlogDownload the Redfin mobile app About Redfin Redfin (www.redfin.com) is a customer-first real estate brokerage that represents people buying and selling homes. Founded and run by technologists, Redfin has a team of experienced, full-service real estate agents who are advocates, not salespeople, earning customer-satisfaction bonuses, not commissions. Redfin.com features all the broker-listed homes for sale, as well as for-sale-by-owner properties that don't pay brokers a commission. Redfin also offers online tools that make the entire process of buying or selling a home easier and more fun. The company serves major markets across the U.S. and has closed nearly $20 billion in home sales. In 2012, Redfin was named one of The DIGITAL 100: World's Most Valuable Private Tech Companies by Business Insider.

Keywords for this news article include: Redfin, Real Estate.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2015, NewsRx LLC

Document REWKN00020150306eb3d0003g




Press Release: Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2014 Financial and Operating Results on March 18, 2015

504 words
13 March 2015
06:16 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2015, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2014 Financial and Operating Results on March 18, 2015

TAMPA, Fla., March 12, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. (Nasdaq:HIIQ) ("HII"), a leading developer and administrator of affordable, cloud-based individual health insurance plans and ancillary products, announced today that it will report fourth quarter and fiscal 2014 financial results on Wednesday, March 18, 2015 after market close.

Michael Kosloske, president and chief executive officer of HII, will host a conference call and webcast to discuss these results on that same day, Wednesday, March 18, 2015 at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. The toll free dial--in number is (877) 312-8797; the toll number is (678) 825-8236; the conference ID is 74267247. A webcast of the conference call may be accessed in the Investor Relations section of HII's website at http://investor.hiiquote.com/events.cfm. The webcast will be archived for 30 days. Copies of the earnings release and other financial information about HII may also be accessed in the Investor Relations section of HII's website at www.hiiquote.com. The Company regularly posts or otherwise makes available information within the Investor Relations section that may be important to investors.

About Health Insurance Innovations, Inc.

Health Insurance Innovations, Inc. ("HII") develops affordable, high-quality health insurance products through partnerships with best-in-class insurance carriers, distributed through licensed insurance agents as plan configurations customized for the individual consumer. These transactions take place via the industry's first virtual administrator, an entirely cloud-based proprietary process --Quote-Buy-Print-- providing proof-of-coverage to insured in minutes rather than weeks. HII is a data-driven digital business informed by its consumer division.

HII's consumer division includes HealthPocket.com's Research & Data business, the largest repository (of any kind) of health insurance information. Additional information about HII can be found at www.hiiquote.com.

About HealthPocket.com

HealthPocket.com is a free website that compares and ranks all health insurance plans available to an individual, family, or small business to allow consumers to make their best health plan decisions and reduce their out of pocket costs. HealthPocket uses only objective data from government, non-profit, and private sources that carry no conditions that might restrict the site from serving as an unbiased resource. HealthPocket, Inc., based in Sunnyvale, California, is an independently-managed subsidiary of HII. Additional information can be found at www.HealthPocket.com. 


CONTACT: Health Insurance Innovations, Inc.: 
         Dirk Montgomery 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (877) 376 5831 ext. 282 
         dmontgomery@hiiquote.com 
 
         Investor Contact: 
         Susan Noonan 
         S.A. Noonan Communications, LLC 
         (212) 966 3650 
         susan@sanoonan.com 
 
         Media Contact for HealthPocket.com: 
         Emily Cashel 
         Shirley & Banister Public Affairs 
         (703) 739 5920/(800) 536 5920 
         ecashel@sbpublicaffairs.com 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

March 12, 2015 16:16 ET (20:16 GMT)

Document DJDN000020150312eb3c003m7




Pensions
Scottish Widows to pioneer cash withdrawals under pension freedom reforms - but you must take at least £5k at a time

RUTH LYTHE FOR MONEY MAIL and TANYA JEFFERIES FOR THISISMONEY.CO.UK      
504 words
4 March 2015
07:30 PM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
© 2015 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved      

Insurance firm Scottish Widows is to allow existing customers to use their pensions to take out cash.

From April, under new pension freedoms, savers will be able to take their cash as they like. In theory, they should be able to use their pensions like a bank account, and every time they make a withdrawal a quarter of it should be tax free.

However, not all firms offer this service yet because it is complex to set up. Scottish Widows has announced it will be one of the first companies to allow savers to do this.

Customers must opt for a service called Partial Pension Encashment. There are no charges to take out cash but the least someone can withdraw is £5,000 each time.

However, people who take large sums from their pension could face a hefty tax bill.

Under pension freedom, everyone aged over 55 is suddenly going to get unfettered access to their whole pension pot - but just like now, only 25 per cent of retirement savings will be tax-free while the rest will be taxed as income.

Workers used to simply paying the basic rate of tax through employers might not realise that dipping too freely into their pension pot at retirement will put them into the higher rate tax bracket and on the hook to the taxman for more than they expected.

The possibility of people paying more than necessary was recently highlighted by research showing many in defined contribution pensions - those that will be affected by the freedom reforms - are baffled by both pensions and the tax system.

Go here to find out how to avoid paying too much tax on pension cash after April.

WHAT IS PENSION FREEDOM?

'Pension freedom' reforms will give people greater power over how they spend, save or invest their retirement pots from next April.

Key changes include removing the need to buy an annuity to provide income until you die, giving access to invest-and-drawdown schemes previously restricted to wealthier savers, and the axing of a 55 per cent 'death tax' on pension pots left invested.

Also, savers won't be limited to one chance to take a single tax-free lump sum worth 25 per cent of their pension pots, with the rest taxed as income afterwards.

Instead, Chancellor George Osborne has announced that people will be able to dip in and make as many withdrawals as they want, each time getting 25 per cent tax-free and the rest taxed like income.

The changes apply to people with 'defined contribution' or 'money purchase' pension schemes, which take contributions from both employer and employee and invest them to provide a pot of money at retirement.

They don't apply to those with more generous gold-plated 'final salary' pensions which provide a guaranteed income after retirement.

Document DAMONL0020150304eb340002y




ABI urges softer approach to improve retirement choices

504 words
23 February 2015
Citywire
CWIRE
English
(c) 2015 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved.      

Pension providers should send communications to customers that are with less 'intimidating' and reduce fear and apprehension about retirement decision making, according to the Association of British Insurers (ABI).

In a report published today, commissioned by the ABI and written by Ideas42, 'Freedom and Choice in Pension: A Behavioural Perspective' the ABI found that the complexities of real life decision making meant that, when it came to retirement choices, consumers were disengaged from the process, made last-minute choices under pressure, failed to shop around, failed to seek guidance or advice and chose sub-optimal products.

It has made several reccomendations including a cooling-off period after product purchase and calls for providers to be careful not to overload customers with information in the pre-retirement communications they send out, the main one being a 'wake up pack', which providers must send customers as their retirement data approaches.

Huw Evans (pictured), director general, ABI said: 'This report provides new in-depth analysis of how customers are likely to behave when they approach the new pension freedoms that begin this April. This is a must read for everyone committed to making these reforms a success and improving retirement outcomes for savers.'

In a bid to improve the situation the ABI in its report recommended several changes to the way providers communicate with customers. These include:

Having pension providers send a shorter, less intimidating communication before the full wake-up pack. Building on the ABI's existing Code of Conduct on Retirement Choices to create a more behaviourally informed wake-up pack that reduces information overload and mitigates fear and apprehension. Maximising uptake of Pension Wise guidance, for example by clearly signposting people towards the service at age 55. Mitigating fear by ensuring that interactions are friendly in tone, and take into account the apprehension and decision paralysis that can result from sending customers a large amount of information that is difficult to comprehend. Prompt people who have been automatically enrolled into a pension scheme to make a choice about the level of their contributions every year. Using employers to provide timely prompts to encourage their employees to engage in retirement planning early. Developing a cross-industry standards to categorise product offerings in order to make comparison easier. An independent audit system in which providers of information on pensions are given a 'seal of approval' if they meet the required standards. Introducing cool-off periods or additional steps when people seek to withdraw more than a certain proportion of their pot. The report follows a thematic review of providers' sales practices by the Financial Conduct Authority. It found that an ABI code of practice has failed to improve providers' annuity sales practices and said it would seek to override it with new regulations.

In March 2013 the ABI introduced its Code of Conduct on Retirement Choices, which was compulsory for all ABI members as a condition of membership and outlines how firms should communicate retirement choices to clients.

Document CWIRE00020150223eb2n0005m


DB Plan Investment Consultants Looking Globally for Growth

PLANSPONSOR staff      
504 words
18 February 2015
Plan Sponsor
PLNSPR
English
© 2015. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

With traditional fixed-income investments continuing to provide unattractive returns, consultants to defined benefit retirement plans are looking for opportunities overseas.

A new report from Cerulli Associates notes that during the past year, robust equity markets decreased the value of pension liabilities, and resulted in improved funding levels for many corporate defined benefit (DB) plans.

As more pension plans' funded status is enhanced, those that are on liability-driven investing (LDI) glidepaths will start to reduce their return-seeking risky assets and replace them with fixed income. More than half (56%) of investment consultants surveyed by Cerulli indicated they are likely to increase their corporate DB clients' U.S. fixed-income exposure during the next one- to two-year period.

However, with traditional fixed-income investments continuing to provide unattractive returns, consultants are looking for opportunities overseas. Gatekeepers expect to increase corporate DB pension allocations to less-efficient, non-U.S. fixed-income markets, including emerging markets. More than half (56%) expressed plans to boost international fixed-income positions. Furthermore, while 38% of consultants expect to increase corporate DB plans' emerging markets equity and debt allocations, one-quarter will likely decrease equity exposure and 13% plan to decrease debt allocations.

According to the Cerulli report, emerging and frontier markets are among the least efficient and have the most dynamic and fastest-growing economies worldwide, presenting opportunity in both fixed-income and equity markets for investors. For these reasons, institutions are including these assets in their portfolios as sources of growth, income, and diversification.

Favorable demographics of an emergent middle class that should drive demand for consumer goods support anticipated expansion in these regions. As these economies develop, a move away from their export dependence to becoming a consumer market, similar to western cultures, will likely occur.

On the public side, Cerulli notes, DB pensions continue struggling to achieve actuarial returns between 7.5% and 8%. To help meet these high return targets, survey results indicate that consultants expect increased exposure to emerging markets and alternative investments. Forty percent of consultants plan to raise their public DB pension clients' allocations to hedge funds, and 47% anticipate increasing exposure to private equity and venture capital during the next one- to two-year period. Moreover, 44% of gatekeepers expect to add other private investment allocations.

Consultants also plan to ratchet up allocations to emerging market debt and equity for these institutions, as import demand from developed economies should continue in the near term. More than half (53%) of consultants said they are likely to increase public DB plans' exposure to emerging market equities, and 60% expect to boost allocation to emerging market debt during the next one to two years.

Cerulli's first quarter 2015 "The Cerulli Edge - Institutional Edition" explores the central role investment consultants play in asset allocation for institutional investors and also identifies opportunities for asset managers in sovereign wealth funds. Information about how to purchase the report is here.



editors@plansponsor.com      

Document PLNSPR0020150219eb2i00004




Patsco Windshield Repair Offer Windshield Repair in Houston

504 words
10 February 2015
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2015, M2 Communications. All rights reserved.    

FREE with approved insurance and $25 off with website coupon

Expert windshield repair services at Patsco Windshield Repair Company in Houston are providing chip repair services that are affordable and can potentially save car owners a lot of money by avoiding windshield replacement. Patsco Auto Glass Repair is among the few windshield repair services companies that provide quick repair of cracked windshields in Houston, their speedy rock chip repair and long cracked windshield repairs up to 24 inches and help windshields retain its structural importance in a vehicle.

Patsco Windshield Repair free windshield repair service with approved insurance, considered no fault, with most insurance companies considered is one of the cost effective windshield repair financing options, the company is also providing a website coupon that would bring down the cost of the repair to $25, this website coupon is only available online on Patsco website: http://www.patscowindshield.com/  their service can be as quick as 15 minutes to 20 minutes windshield repairs, the repair experts have at hand some of the most advanced rock chip and long crack repair equipment and techniques that make windshields as good as new.

"Very often, the damages are caused by the impact of stones found on the road while driving and they cannot cause serious damage. The windshield damages they cause are affecting the outer layer and these damages are usually not very deep which means that they can be easily repaired," explain Patsco Windshield Repair experts, they further explain: "The process of repairing includes filling the small damages with liquid glass resin. The windshield probably won't get cracked or damaged in the same area and it will be safe as before."

If minor windshield cracks are left unrepaired, they have the potential to develop into larger damage that cannot be repaired and will need a windshield replacement which is costly and also bad for the environment. The company's windshield repair services have been a hit among business people who are pressed for time and appreciate that the Windshield Repair Houston take only 15 - 20 minutes.

About Us:

Patsco Windshield Repair Company has been serving the Houston and surrounding area for almost 2 decades, they also have many location throughout the Houston, Katy, Sugar Land, Pearland, Kingwood, Humble, The Woodlands, Cypress, The Medical Center and the FM 1960 areas. Car owners in Houston who wish to get rock chip repairs and long cracked windshield repairs free with approved insurance or for as low as $25 can visit Patsco Windshield Repair website for more information: http://www.patscowindshield.com/Media  Contact

Company Name: Patsco Windshield

Contact Person: James Brown

Email: Patsco1@hotmail.com

Phone: 713.263.9981

Country: Canada

Website: http://www.patscowindshield.com/ 

Source: ABNewswire

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com  on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020150211eb2a00209


Pensions Week: Talking head Defined contribution - Investment lessons from DB

Duncan Buchanan      
504 words
8 February 2015
Pensions Week
PENWEE
English
(c) 2015 Pensions Week      

The last 10 years have seen a massive rise in defined contribution pension provision, fuelled by a combination of employers moving away from defined benefit schemes and the introduction of auto-enrolment.

Historically, trustees operating DC arrangements have provided members with a range of investment fund options in which they could put their allocated pots of savings, with more than 90 per cent invested in a default fund.

Is such an approach in the interests of members, particularly for larger DC occupational pension schemes, some of which now have more than GBP100m in assets (and growing)? I am reminded of the award-winning Smash Martians instant potato television adverts of the 1970s, in which a group of aliens came to earth and laughed at us humans for spending time peeling and boiling potatoes.

Might the same Smash Martians coming to the UK in 2016 laugh at DC pension trustees and say something like, 'First they divide their fund into tiny little pots, then they boil them in a passive equity fund for thirty years'?

Trustees of DB schemes have similar legal duties to act in their members' interests, yet invest assets in a completely different way. Instead of earmarking assets to a particular member, a DB fund is operated on a pooled basis and invested among a wide range of asset classes. This allows for more diversification of risk and produces a greater level of investment return.

Figures from Barnett Waddingham show that over the last five years larger DB schemes have achieved an investment return of about 9.5 per cent a year. Figures on the average returns for DC plans are not as easy to come by. One report suggested that the return on some default funds could be as low as 3.5 per cent annually over the last three years.

Albert Einstein appreciated the power of compound interest, which he compared to the eighth wonder of the world.

To put that into context, over five years an average large DB fund would turn GBP1,000 into more than GBP1,500 - which is GBP340 better than a low-performing DC default fund might produce.

Of course, there would be administration challenges in substantially changing the way DC plans invest on behalf of their members.

But there is no legal reason why it could not be done, and the complexity is unlikely to be greater than that involved in implementing a liability-driven investment strategy for a large DB scheme.

Surely we owe it to DC members to take up the challenge.

If we stay as we are, DC member outcomes could be significantly lower, and we run the risk that industry standard default funds are reliant on FTSE tracker funds, inflating equity values and creating a monster Ponzi scheme.

But then again I am just a lawyer, so what do I know?

Duncan Buchanan is president of the Society of Pension Professionals and partner at law firm Hogan Lovells

Document PENWEE0020160211eb280000k




Investing
Jobs, jobs, jobs: What you need to know before markets open

Reuters      
504 words
6 February 2015
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2015 Canwest News Service      

U.S. stock futures and European shares are rising and the dollar jumped today after monthly U.S. non-farm payrolls data showed the United States's jobs market remained on a strong footing.

U.S. job growth rose solidly in January( http://business.financialpost.com/2015/02/06/u-s-jobs-growth-blows-away-forecasts-opening-door-to-mid-year-rate-hike/ ) and wages rebounded strongly, a show of underlying strength in the economy that puts a mid-year interest rate increase from the Federal Reserve back on the table. Nonfarm payrolls increased 257,000 last month, the Labor Department said on Friday. Data for November and December was revised to show a whopping 147,000 more jobs created than previously reported, bolstering views consumers will have enough muscle to carry the economy through rough seas.

A surge in part-time work last month helped the Canadian economy add 35,400 net new jobs( http://business.financialpost.com/2015/02/06/canadas-unemployment-rate-drops-as-job-growth-blows-past-expectations/ ), a change that nudged the unemployment rate down to 6.6%.

Oil headed for the biggest two-week rally since March 1998( http://business.financialpost.com/2015/02/06/oil-is-up-10-this-week-alone-in-markets-that-havent-been-this-crazy-in-6-years/?__lsa=ba84-a154 ) in London as price volatility rose to the highest in almost six years.

Twitter jumped 9.3% to $45.10( http://business.financialpost.com/2015/02/05/twitter-inc-revenue-nearly-doubles-as-results-top-analyst-estimates/ ) before the opening bell after it beat Wall Street's profit and revenue targets in the fourth quarter.

LinkedIn surged 10.8% to $263.61 after the corporate networking site reported a higher-than-expected 44% jump in quarterly revenue as more businesses used its services to assess candidates for employment.

But action camera maker GoPro Inc tumbled 11.6% to $48.05 after it forecast a current-quarter profit that could miss Wall Street expectations and said its chief operating officer was resigning.

According to Thomson Reuters data, of 306 companies that have reported quarterly results, 73.5% have topped Wall Street expectations, above the 69 beat rate for the past four quarters. The 6.4% expected growth for the quarter is down from the 11.2% growth expected on Oct. 1.

The S&P 500 is up 3.4% for the week, its best weekly performance since mid-December, buoyed by a rebound in oil prices. U.S. crude gained 2.6% to $51.82 on Friday while Brent advanced 2.6% to $58.05 as fighting in Libya and stronger economic signals from the United States helped futures recover from near-six-year lows.

European stocks dipped on Friday to just below recent multi-year highs, held back by mixed earnings while Asian shares edged higher as investors looked to the U.S. payrolls report.

Â© Thomson Reuters 2015

Document CWNS000020150206eb260043h


Business
IT'S YOUR MONEY: Diversified asset allocation critical to maximize returns

Jane Young    -      
By jane young -
504 words
3 February 2015
The Gazette
CSP
n/a
English
© 2015 The Gazette. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved.      

By jane young -

When investing money, one of the first decisions to make is your asset allocation - the division of your assets into investments such as stock mutual funds, bonds, real estate or cash.

To maximize the return on your portfolio, it's crucial to maintain a well-diversified asset allocation. According to many financial experts, asset allocation may be your single most important investment decision, more important than the specific investments or funds that you select.

There is no one-size-fits-all; the right asset allocation is based on your unique situation which may change as your circumstances or perspective changes. Some major factors to consider include investment time horizon, the need for liquidity, risk tolerance, risks taken in other areas of your life and how much risk is required to achieve your goals.

Arriving at the appropriate asset allocation is largely a balance between risk and return. If you want or need a higher return, you will have to assume a higher level of risk.

If you have a long investment time horizon, you can take on more risk because you don't need your money right away and you can ride out fluctuations in the market.

However, if you have a short time horizon, you should minimize your risk so your money will be readily available.

To minimize risk, invest in fixed income investments such as money market accounts, certificate of deposits, high quality bonds or short-term bond funds.

If you are willing to take on more risk with the expectation of getting higher returns, consider stock mutual funds. Generally, avoid investing money in the stock market if you'll need it in the next five years. However, the stock market is an excellent option for long-term money.

Regardless of your situation, the best allocation is usually a combination of fixed income and stock mutual funds. With a diversified portfolio, you can take advantage of higher returns found in the stock market while buffering your risk and meeting short-term needs with fixed-income investments.

Once your target asset allocation is set, rebalance on annual basis to stay on target. Rebalancing will automatically result in selling investments that are high and buying investments that are low.

Avoid changing your target allocation based on emotional reactions to short-term market fluctuations. Stick to your plan unless there are major changes in your circumstances.

If you are unsure where to start, a good rule of thumb is to subtract your age from 120 to arrive at the percentage you should invest in stock market. In the past it was customary to subtract from 100, but this has increased as life expectancies and the time one spends in retirement have increased.

In the final analysis, select an asset allocation that meets your specific needs and gives you peace of mind.

-

Jane Young is a certified financial planner. Contact her at gazette@itsnotjustmoney.com.

Document CSP0000020150204eb230000e




Living
Vacation homes: healthy alternatives and adventure

Carolyn O'Neil      
For the AJC
504 words
28 January 2015
The Atlanta Journal - Constitution
ATJC
Main
D4
English
Copyright (c) 2015 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, All Rights Reserved      

Winter's chill can inspire warm thoughts of vacation plans ahead. Whether getaway goals involve beach views or mountain vistas, interest in renting a home away from home, rather than a hotel room, is heating up for many travelers.

Pluses include the extra space and freedom to define your way to relax. Some might get up early for a run and others in the group might get up late and eat a bowl of cereal in their pajamas.

Dining out is part of discovering a destination's charms, but it's nice to be able to cook at least some meals in a vacation home. It's often less expensive and can be a healthier alternative because you have more control over meals prepared in your own kitchen.

Kitchen adventures

Cooking on vacation is part of the fun for food lovers. That's what I experienced when visiting the Dordogne region of southwestern France. With the dream setting of Chateaux Le Secretary located near the Medieval village of Monflanquin as our base, we shopped open air markets for regional cheeses, honey, breads, fresh fruits and vegetables and locally produced wines.

The fully equipped outdoor kitchen complete with a long wooden farmhouse table overlooking the swimming pool was the ideal spot to dine and imagine you actually lived in a French chateau.

Venturing out to explore the countryside and cobblestoned villages led us to quaint restaurants for dinner.

But it was back to the chateau to lounge in the living room for late-night drinks and then up in the morning for leisurely breakfasts in the cozy kitchen reminiscent of downstairs at "Downton Abbey." Culinary adventures included a hands-on cooking class at La Cambe.

Owner and cookbook author Jane Whalley led us through lessons in French cookery including a roasted red pepper and aubergine (eggplant) terrine with local goat cheese and a dessert tart with almond paste and fresh pears.

The portfolio of places you can arrange through international travel companies such as Wyndham Vacation Rentals has all kinds of options.

My week in France was split between the restful chateau and operating a houseboat up and down the River Lot. With the help of an instruction book thankfully translated into English, you learn to open and close the river locks yourself, climbing up and down ladders and throwing lines to fellow shipmates. No, it wasn't easy or relaxing but it was a good work out.

I decided I'd be best as captain of the galley and deliver hot tea and French pastries to the braver souls navigating up on deck. One thing for sure, vacation rentals can turn fantasy into reality, even if it's just for one fabulous week.

Carolyn O'Neil is a registered dietitian and author of "The Slim Down South Cookbook." Email her at carolyn@carolynoneil.com. 

For Reprints in the Original Format:      http://www.ajc.com/info/content/services/info/reprint2.html

Document ATJC000020150128eb1s0000y




SENIOR CITIZEN PROPERTY TAX REDUCTION APPLICATIONS DUE FEB. 4

504 words
26 January 2015
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2015. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved.      

EVANSTON, Ill., Jan. 26 -- The city of Evanston issued the following news release:

Evanston residents 65 years of age or older should have received renewal forms for senior citizen property tax exemptions already, and must file them by February 4, 2015. Local seniors should feel free to call the Property Tax Assessment Review office at 847-448-8168 for help completing the forms.

The recently mailed senior applications are for the 2014 property taxes, which are paid in calendar year 2015. The savings from the exemptions will appear on the second installment tax bills that will likely be mailed in late June of 2015 and will be due August 1, 2015.

There are two senior tax exemptions:

* The Senior Exemption, available to all seniors regardless of income, reduces property taxes by about $400-$500. It is available to any owner-occupied residential property if the owner was born in 1949 or earlier.

* The Senior Freeze may provide some seniors with additional savings if the combined 2013 income of all members of the household was less than $55,000, and if the senior has been an owner-occupant of the property since January 1, 2013.

INFORMATION FOR SENIORS WHO DID NOT RECEIVE MAILINGS

Homeowners who were born in 1949 turned age 65 in 2014, and thus are likely to be eligible for one of the senior exemptions for the first time. Taxpayers who recently turned 65 will probably not receive applications when the senior renewal forms are mailed. Such individuals are encouraged to call the Property Tax Assessment Review Office at 847-448-8168 to obtain the forms and information necessary to receive the senior exemptions. The forms are also available online at CookCountyAssessor.com.

INFORMATION FOR HOMEOWNER EXEMPTION

Homeowners who purchased a home in 2013, and possibly 2014, may be eligible to receive the Homeowner Exemption, which would reduce property taxes by about $600-$700, if the home is their primary residence. New homeowners will only need to apply for the Homeowner Exemption once. It will be automatically applied each year thereafter.

LAW ON ERRONEOUS EXEMPTIONS RELATING TO SENIORS

Owners of properties that erroneously receive tax exemptions can be made to repay the tax savings from any exemption for which they are not eligible. To avoid erroneous senior citizen exemptions, it is important to understand the eligibility rules for such exemptions. Although generally straightforward, the rules can be confusing when a senior moves.

If a senior was in residence on January 1, 2014, the property should be eligible for the 2014 senior exemptions (paid in 2015), even if the senior citizen no longer lives on the property. However, in most cases, the property will not be eligible for senior tax exemptions in subsequent years.

Residents with questions about eligibility for the senior exemptions should call Mitzi Gibbs, Tax Assessment Reviewer, at 847-448-8168.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com      

Document INDFED0020150128eb1q002xo


Investment Adviser: Fixed Income - January 2015.

Ellie Duncan      
504 words
26 January 2015
Investment Adviser
INVADV
English
(c) 2015 Investment Adviser      

Is 2015 a bad year to own bonds?

At the start of 2014, investors were preparing for a year in which the US and UK central banks would hike interest rates and global growth would pick up.

Instead, US Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen and Mark Carney, governor of the Bank of England, defied expectations and held interest rates.

So the fact that fixed income performed quite so well in 2014 took many investors by surprise.

Ben Bennett, credit strategist at Legal & General Investment Management, explains: "At the beginning of the year most people anticipated higher interest rates, particularly in the US but also the UK. Most people assumed interest rates would be going up throughout the year and rising interest rates generally isn't good for total returns, of course. So most people expected low but positive total returns for the year."

Instead, it was a good year for fixed income and those investors who held fixed income assets in their portfolios would have seen decent returns.

Mr Bennett says: "Everything actually shoved interest rates lower rather than higher, which led to very good returns for fixed income assets, outperforming equity markets, particularly in the UK where the FTSE [100] ended down on the year."

He says sterling investment-grade corporate bonds delivered a total return of 12.5 per cent last year, but cautions that it will be difficult to repeat that performance in 2015.

Towards the end of last year investors remained undeterred from investing in certain areas of fixed income. According to the latest figures from the Investment Association (formerly the IMA), fixed income was among the top-five selling sectors in November 2014. During the month, Sterling Strategic Bond funds recorded net retail sales of GBP144m, making it the fourth bestselling sector, up from its eighteenth-place ranking the previous month.

Jon Jonsson, manager of the Neuberger Berman Global Bond Absolute Return fund, hails 2014 as a surprising year for fixed income.

He comments: "Fixed income certainly overall performed quite strongly but I think the composition of returns was somewhat of a surprise, where riskier assets underperformed expectations and government bonds and the risk-free assets performed much better than expected."

It would seem the fixed income market is at the whim of central banks' monetary policies. So the question for fixed income investors is, where will returns come from in 2015?

Typically, in an environment where monetary policy is being tightened in the US and UK, investors might expect lower returns but, as they saw in 2014, perhaps they should be prepared to expect the unexpected.

Mr Jonsson insists fixed income should retain its place in an investor's portfolio as a form of diversification, although questions remain around the composition of fixed income assets.

He adds: "You should still have fixed income representation; it's just a question of the mix of duration risk and the credit risk."

Ellie Duncan is deputy features editor at Investment Adviser

111102506

Document INVADV0020150127eb1q00006




Save on Moving Costs with Special Offers from Bos Moving & Rental in Virginia Beach, VA

504 words
21 January 2015
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2015, M2 Communications. All rights reserved.    

Bos Moving & Rental gives customers 5% off hourly rates, free estimates, military and senior citizen discounts, and special rates for moves to Florida. Mention this special and receive a discount from this moving company in Virginia Beach, VA. In addition to residential and commercial moving services, this company offers tent rentals.

Customers of Bos Moving & Rental receive the service of professional movers in Virginia Beach, VA, and save money on the packing and transporting. The company provides customers with a special offer via the website at http://www.movers-virginiabeach.com/ . Get a discount of 5% off the hourly rate by just mentioning this offer.

Whether moving across the city or the country, leave the work to the professionals at Bos Moving & Rental. They have 30 years of experience in the business and know what they are doing. Customers trust this company to pack their belongings with care and transport them to their new home. They have all the moving supplies needed, too, including:

-Boxes

-Tape

-Bubble Wrap

-Blankets

The company's crew moves residential and commercial customers. They wrap and pack personal possessions so they suffer no damage during the move and unpack, too. In addition, they have the skill and experience to move sensitive electronics swiftly so you quickly can get back to business.

Bos Moving & Rental can handle moving valuable and delicate possessions such as pianos. They have the equipment, skill, and knowledge to safely move the instrument to its new location. This is the company to trust with heavy items such as furniture and appliances as well as precious items like antiques.

The company provides customers with convenient equipment rental. For those planning a party or an outdoor event, this company offers tents from 20 feet by 20 feet up to 60 feet by 180 feet. Visit the website at http://www.movers-virginiabeach.com/  to find out just how big a tent is needed for that upcoming party.

In addition to tents, Bos Moving & Rental rents out everything that someone will need for a party. This includes:

-Chairs

-Curtains

-Walls

-Tent Lights

-Heaters

-Fans

Contact Bos Moving & Rental for a free estimate on moving possessions from a home or business. For more information, visit the Website at http://www.movers-virginiabeach.com/ 

Bos Moving & Rental offers free estimates in Virginia Beach, Norfolk, Chesapeake, Suffolk, Portsmouth, Tidewater, and Hampton Roads, Virginia.

Media Contact

Company Name: Bos Moving & Rental

Contact Person: David Bos

Email: bosman@bosmovers.com

Phone: 757-707-1509

Address:3 Interstate Corporate Center, Suite 101

City: Norfolk

State: VA

Country: United States

Website: http://www.movers-virginiabeach.com/ 

Source: www.abnewswire.com

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com  on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020150122eb1l0015w




Investing
What you need to know before markets open

Reuters      
504 words
20 January 2015
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2015 Canwest News Service      

U.S. stock index futures are rising today as lower growth forecasts from the International Monetary Fund spurred hopes that central banks would take more aggressive policy stances to accelerate economic improvement. While the lower forecasts implied less demand for fuel over the next two years, contributing to another leg lower in crude oil prices, Wall Street stocks were on track for a second straight day of gains, after a rally of more than 1% on Friday.

The IMFlowered its forecasts( http://business.financialpost.com/2015/01/19/imf-cuts-global-growth-forecast-amid-sizable-uncertainty-about-oil-price-path/ ) for global economic growth in both 2015 and 2016, projecting growth of 3.5% this year and 3.7% next year; both forecasts are down by 0.3 percentage points. The IMF advised advanced economies to maintain accommodative monetary policies to avoid increases in real interest rates as cheaper oil increases the risk of deflation.

U.S. crude futures fell 1.8% to $47.80 per barrel, keeping the commodity - which is down more than 55% since June - near its lowest level since 2009.

While cheap gas prices could be a boon to consumer spending, many analysts are waiting to see whether the net impact on the economy will be positive, given the decline in energy company earnings that is expected. Halliburton Co is scheduled to report quarterly results on Tuesday.

The Canadian dollar fell 0.44 of a cent to 83.26 cents US a day before the Bank of Canada makes its next interest rate announcement.

Morgan Stanley reported a drop of 81% in revenue from trading fixed-income securities, currencies and commodities, though earnings rose on a sharp drop in legal costs. Shares fell 1.7% to $34.29 in premarket trading.

Johnson & Johnson reported fourth-quarter net income decreased by 28% to $2.52 billion or 89 cents per share. Earnings ex-items came to $1.27 per share, two cents ahead of estimates. The world's biggest maker of health care products posted revenue of $18.25 billion in the period, missing Street forecasts of $18.51 billion.

FXCM Inc plummeted 81% to $2.40 in premarket trading on volume of nearly 430,000 shares, making it the most active premarket name on the New York Stock Exchange. The retail foreign exchange broker on Friday said it would get a $300 million loan from Leucadia National Corp to keep operating after losing millions from a recent surge of the Swiss franc. Late Monday, FXCM provided further details on the terms of the loan.

Investors continued to assess effects of the move by the Swiss National Bank on Thursday to lift the cap on the Swiss franc. The decision could foreshadow a large stimulus by the European Central Bank next week that would further weaken the euro, or be a safeguard against a possible Greek exit from the eurozone that could potentially destabilize the bloc.Â© Thomson Reuters 2015

Document CWNS000020150120eb1k003xv




Globe Investor
Is oil due for a bounce? Ask the futures

By SCOTT BARLOW      
504 words
13 January 2015
The Globe and Mail
GLOB
Ontario
B10
English
©2015 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

sbarlow@globeandmail.com

A small minority of energy experts forecasted a 2014 decline in crude oil prices, but no credible source predicted it would be anywhere near as bad as it was.

Even the short-term outlook for the oil price appears, despite reams of unsuccessful attempts by analysts and strategists worldwide, almost unknowable.

But former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. economist Jim O'Neill believes he's found an indicator that cuts through the clutter and can provide investors with an accurate signal for the oil price: Five year West Texas Intermediate futures.

In a recent column for online magazine Project Syndicate, Mr. O'Neill wrote that "the five-year forward price is much less influenced by speculation in the oil market than the spot price, and more representative of true commercial needs. So when the five-year price starts moving in a different direction than the spot price, I take notice."

In other words, Mr. O'Neill believes that hedge funds and other volatile sources of "hot money" are not involved in futures contracts 60 months out. The five-year futures price represents the sober and more accurate supply-and-demand calculations of the oil producers themselves.

The chart above shows how the five-year futures indicator has worked. (Long-term data for the futures market was only available on an annual basis, but the current price is quoted at $67.40 U.S.). The most obvious characteristic of the five-year futures index is that it is less volatile than the spot price. This was most notable in December, 2008, when the spot price had plunged 53 per cent from its recent peak, whereas the futures price had only fallen 13.5 per cent.

Importantly, and to Mr. O'Neill's point, the futures price in December, 2008, proved a far better indicator of the spot price for the next two years. The chart implies that the buying in the spot price between 2006 and 2008 was excessively optimistic, and that the subsequent selloff price represented an overshoot to the downside.

Hindsight is 20/20, but investors who were following the futures price in late 2008 could easily have inferred that the energy sector was underpriced relative to its future prospects.

Virtually any energy-related investment made at that time would have generated extraordinary returns.

Current readings provide reasons for optimism in energy markets, but not a full recovery to peak levels. If Mr. O' Neill's theory is correct - and as he points out in the piece, before his successful career at Goldman Sachs he wrote his PhD thesis on oil markets - the five-year oil future price of $67.40 a barrel is a better indicator of where the crude price will be in the months and years ahead. This estimate is far lower than the heady days of $100-and-above WTI prices, but far better than the current spot price of approximately $46.

Document GLOB000020150113eb1d0001x




BUSINESS
FATCA leads MFs to avoid fresh investments from US investors

504 words
11 January 2015
Press Trust of India
PRTRIN
English
Copyright 2015. The Press Trust of India Limited.      

New Delhi, Jan 11 (PTI) Stringent compliance requirements under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act of the US have led to several mutual fund houses avoiding fresh investments from American investors.

To lower the reporting burden, many mutual funds including HDFC MF, ICICI Prudential MF, Quantum MF and Baroda Pioneer MF, DSP Blackrock MF have even barred investment from residents of US and Canada for some of their schemes, while others are not very keen on investments from such entities.

Moreover, some MFs may even stop taking investments from NRIs till a clarity emerges over FATCA agreement between India and the US.

FATCA is a US law whereby foreign financial institutions across the world would have to report to the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on any transactions of clients who could be subjected to American tax laws.

The non-compliance with FATCA entails 30 per cent withholding tax on the US source payments. Moreover, wrong or incorrect reporting may also have similar consequences.

While India and the US had agreed "in substance" last year to sign an Inter-Governmental Agreement over FATCA, the final pact could not be signed within the earlier deadline of December 31, 2014 and it had to be extended.

All financial institutions with exposure to the US were also required to register with the US tax department IRS under FATCA before January 1, 2015, RBI and Sebi had said late last month, but many Indian entities are yet to do so.

The US taxpayers under FATCA include US citizens, US residents (green card holders) and non-residents who own foreign financial accounts or other offshore assets.

Industry insiders says that MFs have stopped taking fresh investments from the US citizens because of stringent compliance laws.

"Most of the fund houses have stopped taking investment from citizens of US and Canada. Accepting investment from them means more paper work and more compliance," Quantum AMC CEO Jimmy Patel said.

Raghvendra Nath, Managing Director at Ladderup Wealth Management said: "Most MFs in India as well as other institutions are now refusing money from US based NRIs."

WealthRays Securities Director Rashmi Roddam said: "Since the disclosures are high, even US NRI's are reluctant in investing into Indian mutual funds and so are mutual fund companies."

"Many of the mutual funds are discouraging or rejecting NRI investment considering complexity and cost of compliance along with huge punishment for the mistake making the situation worse for the Indian mutual funds," said Abnish Kumar Sudhanshu, Director-cum-Research Head at Amrapalu Aadya.

All Indian financial institutions including stock exchanges, mutual funds, portfolio managers and depositories with exposure to the US were required to register with the American tax authorities by December 31.

"The FATCA provisions will have a big impact on flows from US," Nath added.

"The Indian mutual fund industry, which is attracting a significant flow from NRIs is likely to be impacted by new FATCA," Sudhanshu said. PTI SP BJ SA STS

Document PRTRIN0020150111eb1b0035x




Buy Gold With 401k: Retirement Planning And IRA Rollover Options Revealed; Invest While The Price Of Gold Is Low

504 words
5 January 2015
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2015, M2 Communications. All rights reserved.      

John Paulson who invested $4.6 billion in gold said: "I view gold as a currency, not a commodity. It's importance as a currency will continue to increase as the major central banks around the world continue to print money."

Experts discuss gold buying opportunities and whether it's a good idea to rollover 401k and IRA to gold while the price of gold are still low.

Experts predict that price of gold price will increase from 2016-2023, and many of them forecast that the prices will go over $1941 in eight to ten years. It is believed that the price of gold has already hit its bottom.

The price of gold can fluctuate in the short period of time, however, it always increases its value in the long run. Gold investment has always been the best protection against inflation and currency devaluation.

Over the last year the price of gold has remained almost unchanged - $1175 last week versus $1205 in the beginning of 2014. Despite predictions of gold crash in 2014, price of gold remained stable.

For people who are looking for a long-term investment buying gold while the prices are still low is definitely a good investment opportunity at this time. For example, a person who had purchased $33,000 of gold in 2001 can sell that gold in 2015 for about $129,551.12 which is over 300% return on investment. In current market conditions most 401k and IRAs haven't perform nearly as good.

It's no secret that even during toughest economic conditions investment in gold has always been the safest option and, therefore, it is the best protection against irresponsible governments. Gold is used in many industries and is always in demand due to its limited supply and the fact that it can't be manufactured. Gold is used in almost every electronic device (there are no alternatives to it) and even NASA uses it in aerospace technology.

Learn More And Request Free Gold Kit

Regal Assets is one of the largest and experienced companies in the U.S.specializing in gold and other precious metals. Regal Assets is accredited by the BBB (Better Business Bureau) with an A+ rating which is the highest rating a company can receive. Regal Assets has a five star customer service, has earned a preferred membership status with the BBB and TrustLink and was ranked #20 in the U.S. for financial services by Inc. Magazine.

Media Contact

Company Name: Buying Gold News

Contact Person: Jenny K. Hopkins

Email: Send Email

Phone: 786-309-3998

Country: United States

Website: http://newsfive.co/gold-investment

Source: www.abnewswire.com

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020150105eb150035x




Press Release: GE Capital Agents $500 Million Credit Facility for Brookdale Senior Living

504 words
23 December 2014
01:31 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

GE Capital Agents $500 Million Credit Facility for Brookdale Senior Living 


BETHESDA, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--December 22, 2014-- 

GE Capital's Healthcare Financial Services (HFS) business announced today that it has agented a $500 million credit facility for Brookdale Senior Living Inc. HFS is administrative agent and GE Capital Markets is sole lead arranger on the transaction. The funds may be used to finance acquisitions, to fund working capital and capital expenditures, and for other general corporate purposes.

Brookdale is the leading operator of senior living communities throughout the U.S. It currently operates nearly 1,150 independent living, assisted living, dementia care and continuing care retirement centers in 46 states. Through its ancillary services programs, Brookdale also offers a range of outpatient therapy, home health, personalized living and hospice services.

"We've been working with HFS for over a decade, and we continue to find them flexible, creative and easy to work with," said Andy Smith, CEO of Brookdale. "We're grateful for the financial support and our ongoing relationship."

"This is our largest transaction together thus far," noted James Seymour, senior managing director of GE Capital, Healthcare Financial Services' real estate financing team. "We're excited to help provide a vehicle for Brookdale's continued growth. The considerable number of lenders involved in this transaction attests to the support that Brookdale has in the marketplace."

About GE Capital, Healthcare Financial Services

GE Capital's Healthcare Financial Services (HFS) business is one of the most active capital providers in the U.S. healthcare market, deploying approximately $9 billion in new commitments to customers via 200+ transactions in 2013. That adds up to more than $70 billion in financing over the past 10 years.

Customers across 45 healthcare sectors -- including senior housing, hospitals, medical offices, outpatient services, pharmaceuticals and medical devices -- rely on HFS to finance acquisitions, refinance existing debt, support working capital needs and fund growth initiatives. With in-depth industry knowledge and expertise, the HFS team of professionals creates financial solutions tailored to meet the individual needs of its customers. For more information, visit gecapital.com/healthcare or follow company news via Twitter (http://twitter.com/GELendLease).

GE Capital offers consumers and businesses around the globe an array of financial products and services. For more information, visit www.gecapital.com or follow company news via Twitter (http://twitter.com/GECapital).

GE (NYSE:GE) works on things that matter. The best people and the best technologies taking on the toughest challenges. Finding solutions in energy, health and home, transportation and finance. Building, powering, moving and curing the world. Not just imagining. Doing. GE works. For more information, visit the company's website at www.ge.com. 


 
    CONTACT:    GE Capital, Healthcare Financial Services 

Maria C. Moreno, 301-664-9859

mariac.moreno@ge.com

or

GE Capital

Lisa Tibbitts, 203-956-4582

lisa.tibbitts@ge.com

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

December 22, 2014 09:31 ET (14:31 GMT)

Document DJDN000020141222eacm001ng


Health Insurance; Findings from Center for Disease Control and Prevention Broaden Understanding of Health Insurance (Disparities in Access to Care Among US Adults With Self-Reported Hypertension)

504 words
19 December 2014
Insurance Weekly News
INSRWK
46
English
© Copyright 2014 Insurance Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2014 DEC 19 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Insurance Weekly News -- Investigators discuss new findings in Health Insurance. According to news originating from Atlanta, Georgia, by VerticalNews correspondents, research stated, "Hypertension is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Access to care has been identified as a significant factor affecting hypertension treatment and control."

Our news journalists obtained a quote from the research from Center for Disease Control and Prevention, "We examined disparities in access to care among US adults with self-reported hypertension. Using Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System 2011 data, we identified US adults with self-reported hypertension. Access to care was assessed based on responses to questions about health insurance, having an identified personal doctor, and cost barriers to visiting a doctor. We assessed access to care by geographic location (ie, US state) and selected sociodemographic characteristics. Overall, 159,947 eligible participants reported having hypertension. Among them, 19.1% had no health insurance, 18.1% had no personal doctor, and 23.6% could not visit a doctor because of cost. Among those with hypertension by state, age-standardized prevalence of no health insurance ranged from 6.3% in Hawaii to 28.1% in Texas. The prevalence of those without a personal doctor ranged from 9.2% in Massachusetts to 32.7% in Nevada, and the prevalence of cost barrier to visiting a doctor ranged from 10.8% in North Dakota to 35.1% in Tennessee. By sociodemographic characteristics, the prevalence with no health insurance was highest among those aged 18-44 years (25.9%), Hispanics (28.1%), those with less than a high school education (32.8%), and those with a household income of less than $25,000 (31.6%). Similar disparity patterns were noted for estimates of the other access-to-care variables."

According to the news editors, the research concluded: "Among US hypertensive adults, approximately 20% reported access-to-care challenges, with significant geographic and sociodemographic variations."

For more information on this research see: Disparities in Access to Care Among US Adults With Self-Reported Hypertension. American Journal of Hypertension, 2014;27(11):1377-1386. American Journal of Hypertension can be contacted at: Oxford Univ Press, Great Clarendon St, Oxford OX2 6DP, England. (Nature Publishing Group - www.nature.com/; American Journal of Hypertension - www.nature.com/ajh/)

The news correspondents report that additional information may be obtained from J. Fang, Center Dis Control & Prevent, Div Heart Dis & Stroke Prevent, Natl Center Chron Dis Prevent & Hlth Promot, Atlanta, GA 30333, United States. Additional authors for this research include Q.H. Yang, C. Ayala and F. Loustalot.

Keywords for this news article include: Atlanta, Georgia, Hypertension, United States, Health Insurance, Risk and Prevention, Cardiovascular Diseases, North and Central America

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2014, NewsRx LLC

Document INSRWK0020141212eacj0000y


Financial Services; WIN Home Inspection Franchise Partners With Bancorp for Car Leasing Program

504 words
12 December 2014
Real Estate Weekly News
REWKN
45
English
© Copyright 2014 Real Estate Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2014 DEC 12 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Real Estate Weekly News -- WIN Home Inspection, America's most advanced home inspection franchise, is helping franchise owners cut the cost of driving a new vehicle with an innovative partnership with The Bancorp, a major national financial service company and commercial lender.

WIN franchisees -- called Strategic-Partners -- can apply for a generous car leasing program offered by The Bancorp that can greatly decrease the amount of upfront cash it takes to open a home inspection franchise. This flexible funding option has no mileage restrictions or charges for wear and tear. It also may require no down payment.

Many participants enjoy a lower monthly payment, and the entire amount can be written off.

"The Bancorp is a long-term partner who is here to serve not only the existing Strategic-Partner network, but also those brand-new franchisees directly out of their two-week training program," said Michael Combs, vice president of sales and marketing for The Bancorp.

"Access to capital in today's climate isn't often easy, in particular for those with no business credit history. The Bancorp/WIN national fleet partnership is designed to let WIN Strategic-Partners focus on what they do best -- home inspections," he said.

While WIN Strategic-Partners focus on growing their businesses, The Bancorp will assist with vehicle purchases. It will also extend lines of credit to help fund the vehicle as well as the official WIN graphics, and in some cases even the WIN Startup Package and the WIN Marketing Package. The Bancorp also can help dispose of older vehicles that have reached the end of their useful lives.

The Bancorp can get the best price on vehicles by negotiating with manufacturers and sources. The partnership with WIN Home Inspection gives Strategic-Partners additional buying power as a group -- as a national system, WIN has more than 1,000 vehicles, Combs said.

"This helps free up your existing working lines of capital to fuel your business, not the vehicles that need fuel themselves. We certainly help get the WIN Strategic-Partners on the road to success and are here to help with their transportation needs," he added.

WIN Strategic Partner Justin Kirkbride relies on his WIN vehicle to serve customers throughout his territory in Montana. Kirkbride's vehicle gives him a clear advantage over competitors who make a poor impression by driving a beat-up old truck.

"There was room for someone more branded, with a more professional feel. I arrive wearing a professional uniform. I drive a late-model vehicle with WIN's branding on it. I love my vehicle, and I use it extensively. This being Montana -- Big Sky Country -- I have a large territory," Kirkbride said.

Keywords for this news article include: Marketing, Advertising, Real Estate, Home Inspection, Financial Services.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2014, NewsRx LLC

Document REWKN00020141205eacc0000f




??Johnson Controls partners with UW on first-of-its-kind endowed chair, labs, in-house talent

Alison Bauter    
504 words
11 December 2014
Milwaukee Business Journal Online
MILBJO
English
© 2014 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.    

Johnson Controls Inc. will partner with the University of Wisconsin's Madison and Milwaukee campuses in a first of its kind collaboration.

The multi-million dollar partnership builds on pre-existing investments in state-of-the art labs and research by creating an endowed professorship for Deyang Qu, a faculty member in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Massachusetts Boston, and seeding Johnson Controls scientists in the campus labs. Qu will be the first Johnson Controls endowed professor in energy storage research, a collaborative appointment from the three institutions.

Qu characterized the level of direct partnership involved as the standout element - not just in the U.S., but worldwide.

"I think the uniqueness of this collaboration is really the integration," he said. "We basically integrate Johnson Controls as leading the industry of battery manufacturing globally and also the two campuses, the state universities - Milwaukee to Madison. I have seen lots of this industrial-university collaboration where they give the money and that's about it."

It's the kind of academic-industry collaboration interim UWM chancellor Mark Mone, and predecessor Mike Lovell, have held up as key to bolstering dwindling system funds and reaffirming the university's role in the regional economy. From Johnson Controls' perspective, vice president of engineering and product development Mary Ann Wright said it's the kind of solution the Glendale-based firm has been seeking to build its talent pipeline.

"Anybody can make a gift to a university for an endowed chair or a lab, but what we did is we made an investment, and with an investment there's a return you expect," she said.

In this case, that's assistance addressing challenges around product development and developing a trained workforce. The hands-on approach teaches students while exposing them to the real world, Qu said.

Johnson Controls has already invested in two joint laboratories at UWM's College of Engineering and Applied Science, including its "dry pilot manufacturing" lab, the only one of its kind on a North American university campus. The company also funded and installed the Johnson Controls Energy Storage Research Lab at the Wisconsin Energy Institute at UW-Madison, where researchers test, evaluate and optimize how battery systems perform and interact with a vehicle's powertrain and electrical architecture.

Qu, who will be based out of UWM, envisions his role as a coordinator. As Wright puts it, he's the "glue" binding the university and academic pieces, and ensuring everything progresses smoothly and bypasses the typical corporate and academic bureaucracy.

Mone said this helps realize his and Lovell's collaborative ambitions.

"It really steps up our game in a dramatic way," he said. "This plays into one of our strengths, which plays into regional economic development."

Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe  to Milwaukee Business Journal for more articles and leads? Visit bizjournals.com/subscribe or call 1-866-853-3661.

Document MILBJO0020141211eacb0002y




TEXAS COMPTROLLER SUSAN COMBS ISSUES REPORT ON STUDENT LOAN DEBT AND RISING TUITION COSTS

504 words
9 December 2014
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2014. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved.    

AUSTIN, Texas, Dec. 9 -- The Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts issued the following news release:

Texas Comptroller Susan Combs released a report today examining the growth of college tuition costs and its impact on student loan debt.

In Footing the Bill: Rising College Costs, Deepening Debt, the Comptroller's office details impacts of student loan debt; factors driving increases in tuition costs contributing to this debt; reasons students have remained willing to incur these debts; and potential ways to slow the growth of higher education costs. The Comptroller also makes recommendations for the Texas Legislature to improve transparency in this area.

"A college degree is a basic requirement for many jobs, and a benefit that provides real financial advantages throughout life," Combs said. "That's why it's disturbing that the price of higher education seems to be climbing out of reach for many Texans. If college becomes possible only for the few, our young people and our nation will suffer for it. Our kids will find themselves squeezed out of their best chance for financial success, and America will miss out on the productivity and innovation of many of our best minds."

Student loan debt payments often take a large share of graduates' salaries. For Texas-educated college graduates under 30, the average loan-debt balance was $22,600, or 46 percent of average yearly earnings ($49,112) in 2011. In 2012, about 20 percent of student loan debt holders in Texas were more than 90 days delinquent on their debt. The most recent figures indicate that 14 percent of all federal student borrowers were in default within three years of leaving school, according to the U.S. Department of Education.

Financial experts say student loan debt could significantly reduce economic activity and demand for mortgage credit and negatively impact the broader economy by inhibiting entrepreneurship and the creation of small businesses.

The growth in student loan debt is mirrored by the growth in the cost of attending college. In Texas, average in-state public university tuition and fees rose by 90 percent between 2003 and 2012. Yet despite rising tuition costs and student loan burdens, enrollment in Texas degree-granting institutions rose 49 percent from 2000 to 2012.

Because college is usually a good return on investment - college graduates earn about twice as much as those without a college degree - this uptick in enrollment is expected to continue, making it imperative for students to know how their tuition and fees are spent, and to have better access to tools to help them get a full picture of college costs.

To help ensure the price of higher education remains in reach for Texas students, Combs makes several recommendations in the report. To learn more, visit the full interactive report at www.window.state.tx.us/specialrpt/student_loan.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com    

Document INDFED0020141210eac90008y




Investor News
Stora Enso opens new biomaterials innovation centre

504 words
8 December 2014
08:00 PM
NASDAQ OMX Nordic Exchanges - Company Notices
NASDQC
English
Copyright 2014 NASDAQ OMX Nordic Oy. All rights reserved.      

Helsinki, Finland, 2014-12-08 10:00 CET (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- STORA ENSO OYJ PRESS RELEASE 8 December 2014 at 11.00 EET

Stora Enso will concentrate its new biomaterials business development in an Innovation Centre that will be located in the Stockholm area in Sweden. The centre, which will open during the second quarter of 2015, will host research, application, business development, and strategic marketing.

The centre will boost innovation by identifying business opportunities in the renewable materials market and linking them with leading innovation and research centres in business and academia. The centre will be staffed with Stora Enso employees currently working in Sweden, Finland and Germany. It will initially employ a little less than 60 people and is estimated to employ around 75 people by year end 2015.

"We are convinced that our access to biomass, in combination with our expertise in forestry worldwide, will benefit our customers in new, innovative ways in the future. Our goal is to develop a competitive offering serving customers in multiple industries and markets, while adding value to our current cellulosic streams", says Karl-Henrik Sundström, CEO of Stora Enso.

"We facilitate creative thinking and cross-functional interaction by consolidating R&D and business development under one roof. Additionally, it is important to create a close link to leading innovation and research centres in this field - both at academic and business levels", says Dr. Antonio Batistini, Head of Innovation and Strategic Marketing, Stora Enso Biomaterials.

Stora Enso's other R&D units are not affected by this change and will remain in their current locations.

About Stora Enso Biomaterials

Stora Enso Biomaterials is a provider of pulp grades to meet the demands of various paper, board and tissue producers. The offering also includes fluff for hygiene applications and dissolving pulp for the textile industry. The mission of Stora Enso Biomaterials is to find new, innovative ways to maximise the value extractable from wood, as well as other kind of ligno-cellulosic biomasses. Through innovation, the aim is to develop into a cost and performance differentiated renewable biochemical company offering drop-in and new materials into existing and new industries to Stora Enso.

For further information, please contact:

Ulrika Lilja, EVP Global Communications, Stora Enso, tel. +46 1046 71668 Kirsi Seppäläinen, Head of Communications, Stora Enso Biomaterials, tel. +358 50 598 9958

www.storaenso.com biomaterials.storaenso.com

Stora Enso is the global rethinker of the paper, biomaterials, wood products and packaging industry. We always rethink the old and expand to the new to offer our customers innovative solutions based on renewable materials. Stora Enso employs some 29 000 people worldwide, and our sales in 2013 amounted to EUR 10.6 billion. Stora Enso shares are listed on NASDAQ OMX Helsinki (STEAV, STERV) and Stockholm (STE A, STE R). In addition, the shares are traded in the USA as ADRs (SEOAY) in the International OTCQX over-the-counter market.

STORA ENSO OYJ

news8941768854095212862.xml

Document NASDQC0020141208eac8000xe




News story: Scotland set for double inflation boost for State Pension

504 words
4 December 2014
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2014.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved.      

MIL OSI -

Source: United Kingdom - Executive Government & Departments - Press Release/Statement:

Headline: News story: Scotland set for double inflation boost for State Pension

The basic State Pension is to rise by around double the rate of inflation, the UK government has confirmed, helping to give people increased financial security and peace of mind in retirement.

Thanks to the Coalition's 'Triple Lock' policy, all pensioners are to see a 2.5% increase from April next year. This will take the weekly payment up to £115.95, an increase of £2.85 per week.

This measure will help pensioners on lower incomes by pushing the guarantee up to £151.20 for single people from April 2015.

Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael said:

This Government's introduction of the Triple Lock marked a profound shift in the way we support pensioners here in Scotland and across the wider UK. This ensured Scots have a secure income when they retire, an essential part of making sure we can build a fairer society.

Being part of the UK and the larger tax base, spreads the risk and provides greater certainty, security and a crucial safety net to help Scotland's pensioners. With an ageing population in our country we have challenges to meet in the decades ahead, those challenges are best met as part of the UK.

Pensions Minister Steve Webb said:

The Triple Lock is one of the defining policies of this government - a policy which rewards those who have worked hard and saved hard throughout their lives.

Thanks to the Triple Lock, in this Parliament the basic State Pension will be £560 per year more than if it had been just uprated by earnings. It's also the reason why the basic State Pension is now at its highest relative to average earnings that at any time since 1992.

With inflation remaining low by historic standards and the rise in average earnings at around 0.6%, under previous arrangements the basic State Pension may only have gone up by around 70p per week this year - the kind of insulting treatment of pensioners which we won't allow to happen.

The Coalition's 'Triple Lock' policy commits the government to an annual rise to the basic State Pension of whichever is highest out of the rise in inflation, the rise in average earnings, or 2.5%.

In line with the rise to the basic State Pension under the current system, the government has increased the illustrative start rate of the new State Pension which will be introduced from April 2016. This has also been increased by £2.85 to £151.25, in line with the government's policy that it will be set above the standard minimum guarantee. The actual start rate will be finalised in autumn 2015.

The cost of the measure to raise the standard minimum guarantee for Pension Credit will be offset by an increase in the Savings Credit threshold of 5.1%.

Document PARALL0020141205eac4000fz




Observer Magazine Pages
The Observer Magazine: Travel: Take me there: Fuerteventura

JOANNE O'CONNOR      
504 words
30 November 2014
The Observer
OB
73
English
© Copyright 2014.    The Observer.    All rights reserved.      

Why go?

Sunshine and surf are the island's two biggest commodities, and there's plenty of both to go round. Fuerteventura may be the second largest of the Canary Islands, but it gets only a fraction of the tourists seen by Tenerife and Gran Canaria. As a result, development is relatively low key, with some attractive boutique hotels opening in the past year. From 13 December, British Airways (ba.com) launches twice-weekly direct flights to the island, making it the perfect short, sharp cure for the winter blues.

What to do

Stiff winds and a year-round Atlantic swell make the island a hotspot for windsurfing and kitesurfing. The Quiksilver Surf School in Corralejo has lessons and surf camps all year (quiksilver surfschoolfuerteventura.com). Take a boat trip to snorkel in the clear waters off the tiny island of Lobos or to spot whales and dolphins. Visit the mountain village of Betancuria, which has some of the best views on the island. Learn to navigate Fuerteventura's famously starry night skies on a stargazing evening which combines local gastronomy and astronomy (A60 including meal, starsbynight.es).

Where to eat

Casa Marcos in Villaverde makes creative use of local produce n chickpeas, goat's cheese, tomatoes n to serve some of the best tapas in the Canaries. Try the goat stew (Carretera General 94, 00 34 928 868 285).

Where to stay

Decked out in dazzling whites and blues, the Avanti in Corralejo is the island's newest boutique hotel (avantihotelboutique.com). It's adults-only, so families should head for the equally slick Katis Villas, by the same designer (katisvillasboutique.com).

Insider tip

iThe place I love is called Buen Paso,i says Karen Moore, director of Stars by Night. iIt's a tiny freshwater lake surrounded by boulders and palm trees and there's a little chapel. It's very tranquil and has a lovely energy.i

For more inside tips, advice and holiday ideas, go to theguardian.com/travel

Give me a break:

Home: cut-price Dartmoor The Ilsington Country House Hotel on Dartmoor has started work on a new spa and gym which are scheduled to open in February. Guests staying at the 25-room hotel while the work takes place will receive a 30% discount off the regular room rates, bringing the lead-in price for a standard double room this winter to pounds 105, including breakfast (ilsington.co.uk).

Away: New Year skiing in Andorra See in the new year on the ski slopes with Inghams and you could save up to pounds 200 per person. A seven-night break in the lively village of Arinsal in Andorra now costs from pounds 899pp, for departures leaving on 28 December, including three-star half-board accommodation, a lift pass, ski and boot hire and return flights from Gatwick to Toulouse (inghams.co.uk).

Captions:

Big blue: the stunning coastline of Costa Calma on Fuerteventura

Document OB00000020141204eabu00038




Chinese President Xi Jinping and hundreds of Chinese investors travel Tasmania securing trade deals

James Jooste      
504 words
21 November 2014
Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) News
ABCNEW
English
(c) 2014 Australian Broadcasting Corporation      

Tasmania has wrapped up an historic week in the international spot light.

The Chinese President, Xi Jinping, the highest-profile head of state to visit Tasmania, promoted the state's economic potential to Asia and the world.

The President's visit overshadowed the low-profile arrival of 275 Chinese delegates traversing the state in a bid to tie up economic partnerships.

Tasmania's Department of State Growth showcased some of Tasmania's brightest performers to delegates who represent the Chinese Ministry of Commerce and Agriculture, the Bank of China and investors from Fortune 500 companies.

Tasmanian Premier Will Hodgman has signed 10 Memoranda of Understanding with the Chinese to maintain economic momentum and give exporters the opportunity to build bridges into lucrative Chinese markets.

Chairman of Ashgrove Cheese in northern Tasmania, Paul Bennett, says he doesn't expect Ashgrove to be flying milk to China overnight, but he says he is excited about the value Chinese consumers put on Australian agriculture.

"To see people really value the food, value the food for what it is," he said.

"We're used to Australian's that expect milk everyday on their cornflakes and don't think twice about it, but to see Chinese people treating it like precious wine, it's really heartening to see people respect food so much.

"There are certainly a lot of keen delegates, a lot of people with very impressive titles on their business cards and I guess we'll see where it goes from there."

"We've got the land and the cows and they've certainly got the people."

Mr Bennett points out that while international barriers to trade will be eliminated in the next decade, there are still significant domestic barriers to overcome.

The most significant being freight.

"It should be easy to get product in but again it's freight and issues like that, so they're yet to be overcome."

Mr Bennett says the state will have to take a cooperative approach to exporting produce to ensure that products sent by sea or air are sent in quantities which achieve commodities of scale heading to China.

"The logistics of that really have to be worked out on a state-wide basis because no one industry here is going to fill a plane or a boat. It's going to need some coordination so that we can put a pallet of cheese or a pallet of milk on a plane with a pallet of honey and salmon, fresh meat and vegetables".

With an emphasis on promoting dairy, horticulture, aquaculture and wine in a free trade deal with China, exporters say it's a deal 'tailor made' for Tasmania.

Visiting delegates agree.

Managing Director of Oriental Exports, Tom Zhu from Shanghai, says Chinese investors want exposure to brand Tasmania.

"When I get back to China, a lot of the best restaurants, they must have Tasmanian produced products, so this means up market."

Document ABCNEW0020141121eabl00099




Globe Investor
TSX cheaper than S&P 500 for the first time in five years

By SCOTT BARLOW      
504 words
15 November 2014
The Globe and Mail
GLOB
Ontario
B17
English
©2014 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

sbarlow@globeandmail.com

Scott Barlow, Globe Investor's in-house market strategist, writes exclusively for our subscribers at ROB Insight and Inside the Market online. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited at globeandmail.com/globeunlimited.

The extreme levels of volatility in the domestic equity market weren't a lot of fun for anyone, but did have one positive outcome: The S&P/TSX composite benchmark is now more attractively valued than the S&P 500. This implies that the era of U.S. equity market outperformance may be at an end.

The week's chart verifies that the valuation differential between the Canadian and U.S. stocks matters for future performance. When the domestic benchmark has a price-earnings ratio below the S&P 500, the odds of TSX outperformance rise significantly.

The bar on the far left, for example, shows that when the P/E ratio of the S&P/TSX composite is between three and four times lower than that of the S&P 500 (meaning Canadian stocks are cheaper and more attractive), domestic stocks outperform U.S. equities by an average of 7 per cent in the following 12 months.

On the far right-hand side, the bar shows that when the S&P/ TSX P/E ratio is between five and six times higher than the S&P 500, domestic stocks underperform U.S. equities by an average of 8.7 per cent in the next year.

The Canadian market was more expensive than the U.S. market in terms of P/E from late 2009 until the end of October, 2014. The S&P/TSX composite is now 17.26, which is 0.6 (times earnings) more attractive than the S&P 500's 17.84.

According to the chart, when the S&P/TSX is cheaper by between zero and one times trailing earnings the domestic benchmark has still underperformed, but by a very small amount. In terms of valuation levels, Canadian and U.S. stocks are on roughly even footing as 2014 draws to a close.

It is important to note that, for the sake of simplicity, the chart does not adjust the performance data for currency changes - the S&P 500 returns were calculated in U.S dollars and the Canadian equity returns are in loonies.

It is certainly possible that a big move in the greenback versus the Canadian dollar could be a bigger factor in future performance than the relatively small difference in equity valuations. But currencies are notoriously difficult to predict and, while diversification is important, investment strategies based primarily on currency forecasts are prohibitively risky.

The current state of North American equity valuations implies that Canadian investors can be comfortable in selecting the best investment opportunities without worrying about which side of the border the stock trades.

Follow me on Twitter:SBarlow_ROB

Document GLOB000020141115eabf0001r




Millbrae Residents Encouraged to Sign Up for Covered California on Saturday

504 words
14 November 2014
Cihan News Agency (CNA)
CINEWA
English
Copyright © 2014 Cihan News Agency. Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com Company All Rights Reserved.      

The 2015 enrollment period for Californians to sign up for affordable health insurance begins on Saturday, November 15. Tens of thousands of San Mateo County residents will be able to join over three million people who now have affordable health coverage through California's implementation of the Affordable Care Act and Covered California, the State's health insurance marketplace.

An effective enrollment process is the first step to give people access to affordable health care. Over 52,000 County residents successfully signed up for health insurance during the 2014 enrollment period with over 24 in-person enrollment locations available to help. Local efforts in supporting these residents made San Mateo County Health System the highest enrollment government entity in the state.

The Health System estimates that more than 30,000 County residents still need affordable health coverage and may qualify for financial help.

Covered California selected San Mateo County Health System and four community partners to receive $300,000 in Navigator Grant Program funding. This funding will help to raise public awareness, motivate, and connect County residents to health coverage by providing additional in-person assistance through 62 Certified Enrollment Coordinators at eight locations across the County during business hours and some evenings and Saturdays. The grant funding will also help to provide cultural and linguistic support to meet the needs of the County's population, and promote the "no-wrong-door" approach that provides a new seamless process using a single application to determine and enroll an individual in the most appropriate plan based on income and other criteria.

"Our partnerships with trusted, community based organizations will help every uninsured resident gain access to quality, affordable health insurance," said Srija Srinivasan, San Mateo County Health System Director of Strategic Operations. "Health insurance helps people stay healthy by covering preventive services such as flu shots and services to treat more chronic conditions such as diabetes. Everyone deserves the opportunity to be in good health and have peace of mind that they are financially covered when they may need it the most."

There are several deadlines for people to be aware of. The first is December 15, 2014, which is the enrollment deadline to begin coverage on January 1, 2015. December 15th is also the deadline to renew or change existing Covered California health insurance to maintain continuous coverage, as well as the deadline to avoid paying a tax penalty.

The deadline to enroll in Covered California health coverage in 2015 is February 15, 2015, which is also the deadline to apply for financial assistance.

"Gaining health coverage helps not only the person enrolling, but also their family and the entire community," said Iliana Rodriguez, Director of San Mateo County's Human Services Agency. "Whether residents apply for health coverage during this enrollment period, or for Medi-Cal year-round, this is a vital opportunity. We are ready to assist our community in obtaining long-needed support in maintaining their health and well-being."

Document CINEWA0020141114eabe001js




Investing
Second Cup outlines 3-year turnaround plan amid $26.2M loss

Canadian Press      
504 words
3 November 2014
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2014 Canwest News Service      

TORONTO - Second Cup Ltd. had a $26.2 million loss in the third quarter, as the embattled specialty coffee company booked provisions for cafe closures and the impairment of its asset values.

The loss amounted to $2.65 per share, mostly due to a $25.7-million item that reflects the reduced value of Second Cup's trademarks.

On an adjusted basis, Second Cup's operations had a reduced profit of four cents per share - down about 64% from last year's third quarter when adjusted earnings were 11 cents per share.

Second Cup also announced Monday that it plans to raise up to $5 million this month through a private placement of its stock, as part of a three-year plan to revitalize the Canadian specialty retailer's network of cafes and its brand.

At the end of the third quarter there were 349 Second Cup cafes, two less than a year earlier and eight fewer than at the beginning of the quarter.

Systemwide sales for the 13 weeks ended Sept. 27 fell about $1.3 million from a year earlier, dropping to $43.6 million from $44.9 million, but Second Cup's own revenue increased to nearly $6.7 million from just under $6.3 million.

Second Cup has been faced with increased competition in recent years from high-end coffee retailers such as Seattle-based Starbucks and major restaurant chains such as Tim Hortons and McDonald's.

The Mississauga-based franchise company has been working for months to recover its position in the Canadian market, hiring Alix Box - who has held senior positions at Holt Renfrew and Starbucks - as its chief executive in February.

"Fiscal 2014 has been a year of transition," Box said in a statement Monday. "While much remains to be done, we are now fully engaged in the process of transformation to restore Second Cup to a place of leadership and greater profitability."

Following the end of the quarter, Second Cup announced its intention to acquire 16 cafes in Toronto locations from Debbie and Bob Riche, two long-time franchisees.

The company says it plans to open a new "cafe of the future" in Toronto and a flagship cafe in Montreal in the coming weeks.

In a related announcement Monday, the company said it's aiming to grow annualized system sales by about $50 million to $234 million in 2017, turn same-store sales positive by late 2015, and have earnings exceeding 50 to 60 cents per share by 2017.

"Our plan for the future is ambitious," said Michael Bregman, Second Cup's chairman. "While there are no assurances, our Board of Directors is highly confident that Second Cup will be restored to a position of leadership with significant potential for value creation."

All the directors intend to participate in a stock issue, and collectively acquire between 40 and 60% of the $5 million worth of equity that Second Cup plans to offer.

Document CWNS000020141103eab30048z




Press Release: Aetna International Wins 2014 Health Insurance Award

504 words
17 October 2014
05:00 PM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

Aetna International Wins 2014 Health Insurance Award

Named "Best Group International Private Medical Insurance Provider" 2014 


LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--October 17, 2014-- 

Aetna International has won the coveted "Best Group International Private Medical Insurance Provider 2014" at the Health Insurance Awards held last night in London. This is the second consecutive year Aetna International has won this award.

The Health Insurance Awards is the leading industry event honoring excellence and professionalism in the health insurance market.

"This award recognizes the exceptional work our people do for our members every day, especially during this exciting time of integrating InterGlobal and Aetna," said David Healy, Aetna International's general manager, Europe. "The award acknowledges Aetna's innovative technology, quality and competitive products and how we support the business strategies of our customers."

Aetna International is one of the largest providers of international private medical insurance with more than 600,000 members worldwide, including expatriates, local nationals and business travelers. In 2014 it closed the acquisition of InterGlobal to complement its geographies, products and services.

It has been a year of recognition for Aetna International. Recently it won the "Best in Class for Commitment to Healthcare Support" in the International Fund & Product Awards 2014 held by Professional Adviser.

About Aetna International

Aetna International is committed to helping create a stronger, healthier global community by delivering comprehensive health care benefits and population health solutions worldwide. As one of the largest providers of international private medical insurance, Aetna International serves more than 600,000 members worldwide, including expatriates, local nationals and business travelers. The company's global benefits include medical, dental, vision and emergency assistance and, in some regions, life and disability. Aetna International also offers customized technological and health management solutions for health care systems, government entities and large employers to improve people's health, enhance quality of care and contain costs. For more information, see www.aetnainternational.com.

About Aetna

Aetna is one of the nation's leading diversified health care benefits companies, serving an estimated 45 million people with information and resources to help them make better informed decisions about their health care. Aetna offers a broad range of traditional, voluntary and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental, behavioral health, group life and disability plans, and medical management capabilities, Medicaid health care management services, workers' compensation administrative services and health information technology products and services. Aetna's customers include employer groups, individuals, college students, part-time and hourly workers, health plans, health care providers, governmental units, government-sponsored plans, labor groups and expatriates. For more information, see www.aetna.com and learn about how Aetna is helping to build a healthier world. @aetna 


 
    CONTACT:    Media Contact: 

Aetna

Rohan Hutchings, +1 773-687-5419

hutchingsr@aetna.com

Access Investor Kit for Aetna, Inc.

Visit http://www.companyspotlight.com/partner?cp_code=A591&isin=US00817Y1082

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

October 17, 2014 02:00 ET (06:00 GMT)

Document DJDN000020141017eaah000g0




Will apathy risks family losing their inheritance

By Esther Shaw      
504 words
1 October 2014
11:06 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2014      

TWO-THIRDS of adults have not made enough provision for their legacy to be left to whom they choose, according to a wills and probate specialist.

One in four over-65s are still to make a will [GETTY/ picture posed by model]

Research from the Co-operative Legal Services also found one in four over-65s are still to make a will. 

These individuals risk losing control of their estate and their final wishes for savings, assets and investments not being met. 

These findings come as the rules of intestacy, which decree what happens to a person's estate if they die with no valid will in place, today change for the first time since 1925.

Experts say the new rules should simplify how an estate is distributed in the event someone dies without having the right paperwork in place but they also serve as a timely reminder of the importance of drawing up and maintaining a will. 

The key differences include changes for couples who are married or in a civil partnership. They will now inherit the entire estate if a partner dies without a will and they have no children or other descendants. 

However, this change does not apply to unmarried couples who will not automatically have rights to an estate if a partner dies without a will. 

Other moves include changes to the inheritance of an estate for married couples of civil partners with children and protection for children adopted after the death of a parent. Under old rules there was a risk children in this situation would lose their inheritance but under the new rules, a child of the deceased can inherit on intestacy even if they're subsequently adopted. 

"It's pleasing that rule changes have simplified matters but if a person dies without a valid will in place, they still have no control over what happens to their estate," warns James Antoniou, head of wills for the CLS. 

"To ensure your estate goes to those you want, it's crucial you have a will." Andrew Caplen of the Law Society agrees that the rule changes serve as a reminder of the importance of a will. 

"If you have no will it means your final wishes may go unheeded and a financial and emotional mess is left for your loved ones to sort out," he said. 

If you want to make a will it is worth noting that anyone can set themselves up as a will-writer. 

"It is important that people are able to distinguish between those who are unregulated, uninsured and untrained and trained solicitors who specialise in this area," added Caplen. 

To find a registered solicitor that specialises in wills and probate visit Solicitors.LawSociety.org.uk. Also visit Unbiased.co.uk for further advice.

Related articles How to ensure your legacy is inherited by loved ones EXCLUSIVE: No more inheritance tax pledge Ukip Death tax misery as house prices rocket in Britain's housing boom

Document EXCO000020141001eaa100233


 Junk Bonds Tanking In September, Down 2.47%
Barron's Blogs, 01:00 AM, 1 October 2014, 504 words, By Michael Aneiro, (English)
The high yield bond market is on track to close September with a 2.47% loss, including a 0.25% loss yesterday and a 1.54% loss over the past week, per a benchmark Bank of America Merrill Lynch index. That's cut the market's 2014 return to ...
Document WCBBE00020140930ea9u000mb



News
New report reveals older worker hotspots and the vast differences in employment prospects for over 50s around the country

NATALIE WAIN FOR THISISMONEY.CO.UK      
504 words
20 August 2014
03:37 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
© 2014 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved      

Watford, Dorset and the Shetland Islands are leading the charge against 'outdated' older worker stereotypes, a Government report revealed today.

According the figures released by the Department for Work and Pensions, Watford has the highest rate of employment among older workers, with nine out of 10 people aged 50-64 in work.

In the Shetlands this rate is 88 per cent while in north Dorset it's 87 per cent, closely followed by Stroud in Gloucestershire and Horsham in Sussex.

DWP minister Steve Webb said: 'The business case for ignoring outdated and inaccurate stereotypes and giving older workers a chance to thrive is absolutely compelling, and these figures

show that in some parts of the country that message is being received loud and clear.

'What we must do now is extend the positive record we're seeing in counties like Hertfordshire across the whole of the UK.'

But the report also highlighted a number of employment blackspots for older workers.

Almost half of people aged 50-64 were unemployed in Hyndburn and Rossendale in Lancashire, 50 per cent in London's Tower Hamlets, and 51 per cent in Barrow-in-Furness.

'JOB PROSPECTS FOR YOUNG ARE IMPROVING'

Two-thirds of employers have hired a young person in the past year, according to a survey of 600 employers.

The Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) said this positive outlook is set to continue for the rest of the year, with employers focussing more on candidate's attitude rather than exam results.

Rec chief executive Kevin Green said: 'It's the best time in six years to be a young person coming into the jobs market.'

This resonates with data released by the Office for National Statistics last week suggesting that ageism in the workplace is still rife.

Unemployment as a whole fell to 6.4 per cent last quarter and the number of unemployed people aged 16-49 fell 18.8 per cent since May 2010, compared to just 5.3 per cent for those aged 50-64.

Dr Ros Altmann, the former director general of Saga, who was appointed last month as the Government's Business Champion for Older Workers, said more needed to be done to help people in this age group, such as offering apprentice schemes.

'It does seem there remains latent ageism in the labour market,' she said. 'Not enough is being done to help these people back to work and overcome ageist attitudes.'

And with retirement at the age of 65 looking increasingly unfeasible for most workers, employment equality is essential if they're to top up their dwindling pension pot.

Steve Webb added: 'Another crucial point is that a person dropping out of the workforce early can have a devastating effect on their retirement income. We owe it to people to do everything possible to ensure they can benefit from a full working life.'

Document DAMONL0020140819ea8j007hh




Business
Biggest earners the losers in super scramble

Tony Kaye      
504 words
17 August 2014
The Sunday Times (Perth)
SUNTIP
SundayTimes
66
English
© 2014 News Limited. All rights reserved.      

IS the Government looking to scramble your superannuation nest egg? That's one way of describing what could be on the cards for those wanting to build up very big super fund balances. Essentially, individuals would be able to build up their super fund to a certain size, and that's it.

A low tax rate on contributions and zero tax on earnings in pension phase are the hallmarks of Australia's superannuation system. But Treasurer Joe Hockey has made it very clear that any further superannuation tax breaks are not sustainable. And now the industry chatter is getting louder that the Government is looking to overhaul how much super an individual can put in.

Any major overhaul is years away. And the intended targets will be those who can afford to direct big amounts of capital into their super funds - the biggest earners.

This has since given rise to new ideas to restrict individuals from exploiting the favourable tax climate for superannuation, who build up massive super funds that they can use to generate huge tax-free income once they retire.

One such proposal is a six-point plan released by Taxpayers Australia, which believes reform of the system is inevitable. Its plan is: 1. INTRODUCE a lifetime concessional contribution limit a person of $600,000 - 20 years' of the current $30,000 a year allowable annual contributions.

2.INTRODUCE a non-concessional, contributions (NCC) lifetime limit of $1.8 million. Individuals can currently contribute up to $180,000 a year in taxed contributions.

3.ANY contributions over the $600,000 limit would be taxed at the top marginal tax rate and counted towards the $1.8 million NCC lifetime limit.

4.NCCs in excess of $1.8 million would be returned to the individual. 5.THE income of a pension fund with more than $1 million at the start of a financial year would be taxed at 15 per cent (currently zero), with a rebate on the first $15,000.

6. ACCUMULATION accounts with more than $2.5 million would be taxed (currently zero) at 30 per cent of income earned.

What this plan means is you would be limited to putting less than $2.5 million into your super fund over its lifetime.

"Such proposals will ensure that people have an opportunity to grow their superannuation balance, but that the very wealthy cannot park their assets so as to have a tax-free retirement income stream," Taxpayers Australia head of superannuation, Reece Agland, said.

"It will reduce the costs of the superannuation tax concessions to the very wealthy and discourage excess amounts of money being put into superannuation." But considerable research will be needed before any major changes to make sure there are no unintended victims. The Government will not want to end up with superannuation egg on its face.Tony Kaye is editor of Eureka Report. To read more by Tony Kaye and other experts, visit www.eurekareport.com.au

Document SUNTIP0020140817ea8h00037




OnLine
Financial adviser alert: Know your client and fit portfolio to needs

Paul Delean      
504 words
11 August 2014
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2014 Canwest News Service      

MONTREAL - The estate and liability insurer of a deceased financial adviser have been ordered to jointly pay $112,589 to one of his former clients for failing to advise him properly in retirement.

Client Richard Racicot filed suit in Superior Court against the estate of Gerry Ouwendyk and his insurance company after the value of his portfolio - almost entirely invested in equity mutual funds - fell from $811,847 in June of 2007 to $483,930 in October of 2008.

Racicot said his portfolio was not properly structured to reflect his needs and investor profile during the financial crisis of 2008, and if he'd been given proper advice when he retired in 2006, would not have suffered the losses it did.

He asked the court for $847,917, an amount that included $328,000 in actual losses, inconvenience and lost future gains.

Ouwendyk, who died after legal action had commenced in September of 2012, maintained in a pre-trial examination that Racicot - a former real-estate agent and client since the mid-1970s - made all the investment decisions and was happy with the returns until the financial crisis.

He would not have suffered any losses if he'd followed his advice and maintained his investments instead of using most of what remained to buy an annuity in 2008, Ouwendyk argued.

Judge Stephen Hamilton disagreed.

"In the same way we cannot hold Ouwendyk responsible for not predicting the crash, we cannot hold Racicot liable for not predicting the recovery. He acted reasonably in a very difficult situation."

Judge Hamilton said Ouwendyk had an obligation to be aware of his client's needs, assets, objectives, investing knowledge and risk tolerance, even though their relationship predated the current financial-industry practice of requiring and regularly updating "know-your-client" (KYC) forms.

The fault was not in failing to complete a KYC form for Racicot, it was in failing to have required knowledge about the client, whether or not the form was completed, he said.

"Retirement is a sufficiently important event in Racicot's life to justify a review of his investment objectives," Judge Hamilton wrote.

"Ouwendyk never had a detailed discussion with Racicot as to whether retirement had changed his investment objectives, needs and tolerance to risk. Ouwendyk simply assumed that nothing had changed and therefore kept essentially the same investment portfolio."

The judge conceded that analyzing the merits of a portfolio and how it may or may not have performed is something of a "speculative exercise," but "given all the evidence, I am satisfied that a portfolio that is more than 90 per cent invested in equity is not appropriate for a retired person."

He arrived at a final award of $112,589, roughly the amount of capital lost by not having half of Racicot's portfolio in fixed-income vehicles from the time he retired in 2006.

pdelean@montrealgazette.com( mailto:pdelean@montrealgazette.com )

© Copyright (c) The Montreal Gazette

Document CWNS000020140811ea8b0070t




MONEY ADVICE 'HELPS MOST CUT DEBT'

By Vicky Shaw, Press Association Personal Finance Correspondent      
504 words
11 August 2014
11:46 AM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2014, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

Three-quarters of people who received debt advice funded by the Government-backed Money Advice Service managed to cut the amount they owed afterwards, research has found.

The MAS also said more than half (52%) of the clients surveyed who had taken up advice had a diagnosed mental health condition such as depression and, in general, many people have seen their overall wellbeing improve after getting help with their finances.

Around 88% of people who had face-to-face help from bodies the MAS gives debt advice funding to in England and Wales went on to take some sort of action afterwards to get back on track, such as setting up a household budget.

Meanwhile, 76% of more than 1,300 people surveyed said they reduced or cleared at least some of their debts within three to six months of receiving advice. One in 16 (6%) paid off their debts in full.

The most common types of debt people had before seeking advice were rent and mortgage arrears, as well as utility bills and credit card debt. Around half (52%) of clients had multiple types of bills or payments they were concerned about.

Four-fifths (80%) of clients surveyed across the board said they felt more in control of their situation after getting advice, while seven in 10 (71%) felt less stressed and two-thirds (67%) reported they were sleeping better.

The MAS is an independent body set up by Government to offer people across the UK free money tips and help to manage their budgets.

Caroline Siarkiewicz, head of the UK debt advice programme at the MAS, said: "These figures provide further evidence that debt advice really does work.

"If anyone is struggling to pay their bills or feels stressed about their financial situation, they should seek advice immediately. Advice can help you get on top of your debts, and feel better about managing your money.

"Debt advice can be sought at any time. To help you find where to get high quality advice, use the Money Advice Service's debt locator at moneyadviceservice.org.uk/debt."

Last year, the Service funded debt advice in England and Wales provided by Citizens Advice, Bristol Debt Advice Centre (now known as Talking Money), Capitalise London, Community Finance Solutions, East Midlands Money Advice and the Greater Merseyside Money Advice Project.

Independent research into what clients did after receiving advice took place between November last year and January this year.

Gillian Guy, chief executive of Citizens Advice, said: "People are falling into a debt trap as the gap between rising bills and stagnant incomes hits household budgets.

"Free, impartial debt advice can stop money problems from spiralling and put people back in control, so it's more important than ever that people know where to turn.

"These figures show the impact that good quality debt advice can have. The sooner you seek help, the sooner you can be back on your feet."

ends

Document PRESSA0020140811ea8b0002u




Sport
Morts is grateful to ditch utility bill

Josh Massoud      
504 words
11 August 2014
Daily Telegraph
DAITEL
Telegraph
61
English
Copyright 2014 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

LOYALTY might be dead to rugby league, but decency still has a faint pulse that enabled Daniel Mortimer to accept an NRL lifeline from Gold Coast in June.

Although the utility was stranded in NSW Cup at the Roosters, coach Trent Robinson did not want to release him with the contract not due to expire until the end of next year. And it wasn't just Mortimer's versatility that deterred Robinson, who had also prevented the 23-year-old from joining the Titans when he arrived at Bondi in late 2012.

"It was also hard because Morts is a great man and I had come to see him as a friend," Robinson said. "I now really enjoy watching him play where he always wanted to play - in the halves." It's unlikely Robinson will derive much enjoyment should Mortimer star against his former club at Allianz Stadium tonight, in John Cartwright's last match in charge of the Titans.

"We asked him to stay (at the end of 2012) and he played out of position and did a really great job for us," Robinson said. "We couldn't stand in his way a second time. He did us the honour, so we owed it to him to do the honourable thing in return." Mortimer extended his stay at Bondi for a further two seasons midway through 2013, knowing that he was behind Mitchell Pearce, James Maloney and Jake Friend in the playmakers' pecking order. He was content to trade ambition for security, but received less opportunities when Pearce and Maloney were overlooked for Origin duty and Friend evolved into an 80-minute hooker.

"Getting 15 or 20 minutes here and there - I was not fully satisfied," Mortimer said. "I think the club could see I was hungry for more.

"Then I was playing NSW Cup, so things weren't going perfectly to plan and then (Pearce and Maloney) didn't make Origin, so there were no opportunities to play halves. I started talking to the Titans in March about possibly moving next season, but then they got some injuries and wanted me straight away in June.

"It all happened in a couple of days.

"People like Robbo and (Roosters chairman) Nick Politis are men of their word and that's why they are so well respected. The last thing Nick said to me before I left was, 'You'll be back here some day'." The irony of tonight's showdown is that Mortimer would have been an automatic selection for the Roosters, with Friend (hamstring) sidelined for four weeks. It's the first time Robinson has been forced to prepare without his No.9, whose absence will test the Roosters' ruck defence against Gold Coast's light stepping forward pack."I can't actually remember the last time the halves or hooker was injured for the Roosters," Mortimer said. "And that's probably one of the reasons I'm with the Titans now."

Document DAITEL0020140810ea8b000dr




IRS Issues Final Regulations On Longevity Annuities

Sandra Mills Feingerts      
504 words
8 August 2014
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2014 Mondaq Ltd      

With the goal of providing retirees with more options to manage their retirement income, the IRS issued final regulations on "qualified longevity annuity contracts" (QLACs). A QLAC is a type of deferred annuity that commences at an advanced age and continues for the life of the retiree.

A QLAC can be offered under a defined contribution plan such as a 401(k), 403(b), and 457(b) plan, or other employer-sponsored individual account plans, as well as IRAs (except  Roth IRAs). This rule allows retirees to spend a portion of their retirement savings on a lifetime income stream, while retaining other assets in readily accessible investments.

Here is an overview of the rules:

the maximum amount of retirement savings that can be used to purchase a QLAC is the lesser of 25% of the account balance or $125,000, adjusted in increments of $10,000 for cost-of-living increases;

any amount used to purchase a QLAC will not be included in the amount used to calculate the retiree's minimum required distribution;

a QLAC can have a return-of-premium feature that guarantees that all premiums are recouped from the annuity carrier if the retiree dies before receiving annuity payments equal to the full amount of premiums paid - the excess is payable to a beneficiary (this type of annuity may be a little more expensive but appeals to individuals who want to provide a benefit to their heirs should they die before the entire premium amount is paid out to them);

distributions under a QLAC must begin no later than age 85;

the final regulations stipulate that the QLAC cannot be a variable annuity contract, an indexed contract or a similar contract; and

the annuity contract must state that it is intended to be a QLAC at the time of issue.

These regulations apply to contracts purchased on or after July 2, 2014.

So who would use a QLAC? Employees concerned that they might outlive the IRS minimum required distribution (MRD) table should consider this new option. Let's assume an employee retires with a large 401(k) balance. MRDs are required when an employee reaches age 70½. At age 70, the employee purchases a QLAC with $125,000 of the account balance. The QLAC is to begin payment at age 85. The employee has removed the $125,000 from the MRD rules and created a guaranteed income at age 85 of between $32,500 and $52,500 a year (depending on insurance company assumptions).



The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Ms Sandra Mills Feingerts

Fisher & Phillips LLP

201 St. Charles Avenue

Suite 3710

New Orleans

UNITED STATES

Tel: 8664242168

Fax: 4042404249

E-mail: ksullivan@laborlawyers.com

URL: www.laborlawyers.com

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2014 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020140808ea88000gt




Business
SAVING ACCOUNTS

504 words
30 July 2014
The Daily Express
THEEXP
1; National
50
English
(c) 2014 Express Newspapers 

Best savings, loans and cards Source: MoneySuperMarket.com MoneySuperMarket House, CH5 3UZ. MoneySuperMarket is free and independent. Rates correct at 28 July 2014

EASY-ACCESS ACCOUNTS (without bonus or penalty) Provider Contact Account Min Invest AER Virgin Money virginmoney.com Easy Access E-Saver £1.30% GE Capital Direct gecapitaldirect.co.uk GE Saver Issue 6 £500 1.30% Sainsbury's Bank sainsburysbank.co.uk eSaver Special £1,000 1.30% State Bank of India sbiukonlinesavings.com Instant Access Savings £500 1.25% Kent Reliance 08451 22 00 22 Easy Access Savings £1,000 1.25% Skipton BS skipton.co.uk E-Saver 2 £1.20% EASY-ACCESS ACCOUNTS (with bonus or penalty) West Brom BS westbrom.co.uk WeBSaveR c £1,000 1.40% Coventry BS 08457 66 55 22 PostSave Easy Access c £500 1.40% Britannia 08081 56 12 08 Select Access Saver 6 c £500 1.40% Tesco Bank tescobank.com Internet Saver b £1.35% BM Savings bmsavings.co.uk Online Extra b £1,000 1.31% Post Office postoffice.co.uk Online Saver b £1.30% NOTICE ACCOUNTS Shawbrook Bank shawbrook.co.uk 120 Day Notice Account £1,000 1.90% Shawbrook Bank shawbrook.co.uk 95 Day Notice Account £1,000 1.75% GE Capital Direct gecapitaldirect.co.uk 100 Day GE Notice £500 1.55% Kent Reliance 08451 22 00 22 60 Day Notice Issue 10 £1,000 1.35% Skipton BS skipton.co.uk 45 Day Notice 3 £100 1.25% Aldermore aldermore.co.uk 30 Day Notice 5 £1,000 1.25%

= Internet = Branch = Telephone = Postal AER = Annual Equivalent Rate b = Bonus rate applies c = Conditions apply MONTHLY INTEREST West Brom BS westbrom.co.uk WeBSaveR c £1,000 1.40% Coventry BS 08457 66 55 22 PostSave Easy Access c £500 1.40% Virgin Money virginmoney.com Easy Access E-Saver £1.30% Post Office postoffice.co.uk Online Saver b £1.30% GE Capital Direct gecapitaldirect.co.uk GE Saver Issue 6 £500 1.30% State Bank of India sbiukonlinesavings.com Instant Access Savings £500 1.25% REGUL AR-SAVINGS ACCOUNTS West Bromwich BS Via Branch Adult Fixed Regular Saver £10 3.30%c Furness BS 0800 83 43 12 Furness Lifestyle Saver £1 2.55%c Leek United BS 08000 93 00 02 Regular Savings b £25 2.25%c Halifax halifax.co.uk REGUL ARSaver 2 £25 2.00%c Principality BS principality.co.uk Regular Saver Bond £20 2.00%c Chorley BS 01257 23 50 00 Regular Saver £1 2.00%c CHILDREN'S ACCOUNTS Halifax Via Branch Kids Regular Saver £10 6.00% West Bromwich BS Via Branch Children's Regular Saver c £10 3.60% Barclays Via Branch Children's Regular Saver c £5 3.50% Nationwide BS Via Branch Smart Limited Access c £1 3.00% Mansfield BS 01623 67 63 50 Young Regular Saver £1 3.00% Principality BS 08450 45 04 57 Dylan's Reg Saver (5) £10 3.00%

Document THEEXP0020140730ea7u00058


FSCS 'expects' more IFA failures from SIPP investigations

Professional Adviser      
504 words
29 July 2014
Professional Adviser
PROFADV
English
© 2014 Incisive Media Investments Limited, published by Incisive Financial Publishing Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 04252091 & 04252093      

The Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) said it expects the number of advisory businesses declared in default as a result of its investigations into self-invested personal pension (SIPP) advice to rise above the current four.

The scheme said it is receiving increasing numbers of claims against independent advisers who are no longer trading, where advice was given to transfer existing pension schemes to SIPPs.

In many cases the SIPP fund was then invested in non-standard asset classes, many of which have become illiquid.

Four advisory businesses have so far been declared in default by the scheme following its investigations into SIPP claims, including Harlequin distributor TailorMade Independent, and it expects to begin processing claims against them in September.

In an update issued on 29 July, the scheme said it "expects to see further similar failures going forward".

Warning

In April, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) felt compelled to alert firms to its requirements on SIPP advice after encountering poor practice in the market.

The regulator's position is that pension transfers or switches to SIPPs intended to hold non-mainstream propositions are "unlikely" to be suitable for most retail customers.

Where an adviser recommends a SIPP knowing the customer will switch from a current pension arrangement to release funds to invest through a SIPP, then the "suitability of the underlying investment must form part of the advice", the regulator declared.

However, FCA investigations found many advice firms restricted their assessment of the suitability of a SIPP to the merits of the wrapper.

<h3 style="text-align: center;"> Read: Are unregulated investments ever a good idea? <

The FSCS said its experience of SIPP claims is consistent with the findings of the FCA earlier this year.

It has been investigating the SIPP claims it has received to establish if the failed IFAs involved are liable. It said it expects to be in a position to start processing claims in September.

The Financial Ombudsman Service has also reported a spike in complaints related to SIPP advice.

Eligibility

The FSCS said, in order to establish whether a claimant is eligible for compensation, "we will consider the advice given by the advising firm".

Determining losses suffered by investors is likely to be complex, it added, in particular where the claims involve both pensions and investment advice, and where some of the assets are difficult to value.

To pay compensation, the FSCS said it will need to be satisfied the firm in default can be held legally liable for the losses suffered by the claimant, as opposed to, for example, another party such as a separate firm involved in the transaction or a party that caused an investment to fail.

"We may consider making interim payments of compensation where we are not yet able to account for all elements of a claimant's loss," it said.

<h3 style="text-align: center;"> Read: FCA bans advisers for pushing 2,000 clients into 'unsuitable SIPPs' <

To view photo, click here.

Document PROFADV020140729ea7t00005




Spend & Save
Donald MacInnes: By George, a princely survey has driven me to distraction

Donald MacInnes      
504 words
26 July 2014
09:20 AM
Independent Online
INDOP
English
© 2014. Independent Print Ltd. All Rights Reserved.      

Being as I have always been honest about my status as a sort of placebo wordsmith - giving the impression of having genuine journalistic acumen without actually having any quantifiable justification for doing so - one might imagine that few people within the serious media world would give me the time of day. Not so.

Now and again I receive press releases from actual public relations professionals who, frankly, should know better. Despite the fact that I have stressed that I have little understanding of, and even less interest in, the labyrinthine machinations of domestic and international fiscal affairs, I still get emails from pension providers or management consultancies, alerting me to their hot news and expecting me to do something about it. I stare at their information for what seems like hours, blankly mouthing the first few words, before turning back to YouTube to look at videos of monkeys in people clothes.

However, this week I received an email which was far more offensive than any previous assumption of my business nous. Sadly, this email assumed that I would be interested in - and, like my Pulitzer Prize-winning hero, Dave Barry of the Miami Herald, I swear I am not making this up - "the Top 50 Reasons Why We All Love Prince George".

The sender of the email, who I shall call Emily, described a poll to which apparently many people had responded, giving their own reasons for appreciating the pampered princeling. Allow me to quote from the astonishing missive: "Many respondents adored his cuteness, identifying things like his smile and chubby cheeks. Others appeared to be more nostalgic, claiming that they loved him because his gran was the late Diana, Princess of Wales. Others gave more obscure reasons with some saying that they adored him because his other gran used to be a flight attendant. One woman who took part in the survey said: 'I absolutely adore Prince George, everything from his smile to his sense of fashion and one day he will be King.' One mum added: 'He looks just like the perfect baby, he's got those big blue eyes and such a cheeky smile.'"

My colleague (who is from Merseyside and therefore not unfamiliar with feelings of dislike towards anyone from south of Ellesmere Port) described this communication as "the worst thing I have ever read. Ever. Really, ever."

I would tend to agree with him and not just because I find the Royal Family as appealing as an underdone fried egg garnished with a twitching wasp. It's not just what they represent, but what their existence does to people like poor Emily, with her 50 reasons. This makes me regard Emily in a rather pitying manner. But then I read number 28: "He will own one of the greatest private art collections in the world," and I just want to throw Emily off the top of Nelson's Column.

Twitter.com/DonaldAMacInnes

Document INDOP00020140725ea7p005eu




News
Half a billion pounds in inheritance tax gifted to taxman because life insurance policyholders fail to use trusts

ADAM UREN      
504 words
24 July 2014
09:38 PM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
© 2014 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved      

More than half a billion pounds are being handed over every year in inheritance tax from life insurance policies because people aren't placing them in tax-efficient trusts.

Taking out life insurance within a trust makes the policy exempt from IHT when you die as it places it outside of your estate, yet very few policyholders use trusts.

Adviser website Unbiased estimates that because of this some £530million will be paid out needlessly in IHT this year on life insurance policies. That is inflated in part by soaring house prices that have seen thousands more households breach the £325,000 IHT threshold on estates.

Karen Barrett, of Unbiased, said: 'Many of us want to pass on our estate to loved ones after we're gone but what people don't realise is the sizeable tax bill we might also be handing over in the process.

'As the housing market continues to boom and the IHT threshold remains static, this leaves many more of us at risk of passing on an unnecessary tax bill.

'Planning ahead can mean your beneficiaries don't pay more tax than they need to as there are many strategies for reducing an inheritance tax bill including wills, pensions, trusts and other tax advice.'

Some life insurance customers may not need to put their policies into trust, because they may be designed to pay off a mortgage, for example, or the money will go to a spouse which makes it exempt from IHT.

But those looking to leave a legacy to their children or other loved ones could instead land them with a tax bill if their life insurance policy is included within their estate.

As well as the tax exemption, policies left in trust will pay out a lot quicker than going through the probate process, with cash handed over within weeks, rather than months.

It also protects people named as beneficiaries in the trust in the event the policy-holder divorces and marries again.

But why are so many people failing to take advantage of trusts? Well, Minesh Patel, of EA Financial Solutions, said a lot of this is down to apathy or ignorance.

He said: 'I would suggest that ignorance is one reason, particularly when the product is not purchased through financial planners.

'Sometimes there are also difficulties in knowing who to appoint as trustees, and apathy may come into play when they consider the time it takes to get signatures from trustees and witnesses.

'But the benefits are considerable and financial planners are best placed to guide their clients through the process.

'In the case of married couples and civil partnerships if your assets exceed £650,000 in the current tax year on death your beneficiaries will pay 40 per cent inheritance tax on the amount by which it is exceeded.'

Find out your IHT liabilities by using This is Money's Inheritance Tax Calculator.

Document DAMONL0020140724ea7o004bu




Quebec Small Businesses Can Now Easily Manage Workplace Savings Plans for Employees With the Support of Sage North America and Manulife

NoticiasFinancieras      
504 words
21 July 2014
NoticiasFinancieras
NFINCE
English
Copyright 2014 NoticiasFinancieras. All Rights Reserved.      

Sage 50 Accounting-Canadian Edition to Integrate With Manulife VRSP Solution Offering Streamlined Payroll Workflow

RICHMOND, BC--(Marketwired - Jul 21, 2014) - Sage North America today announced a partnership with Manulife that will support Quebec small businesses to make it easier for them to comply with the new Voluntary Retirement Savings Plan (VRSP) Act that came into effect on July 1. All businesses with five or more employees will be required to offer a workplace savings plan, and Sage has partnered with Manulife to provide an integrated payroll solution.

The integrated payroll solution will offer a streamlined payroll workflow through Sage 50 Accounting-Canadian Edition while simplifying the ongoing administration of Manulife's new VRSP.

"Quebec has complicated tax laws, and government regulations compliance can be difficult for small businesses," said Nancy Harris , Sage North America senior vice president and general manager, Canada. "Partnering with Manulife to offer an integrated payroll solution not only allows Sage to help small businesses comply with mandatory government regulations, but also free up time for them to focus on growth and pursue further business success."

The integrated solution will help small business owners streamline their processes, therefore saving time and reducing redundant data entry through features including:

Prefilled VRSP contribution file for each payroll cycle.

Prepopulated employee information files created by Sage 50 Accounting-Canadian Edition to ensure accurate information is sent to Manulife to administer employees' records.

"With our unique product features and partnership with Sage, we make implementing and maintaining the plan easy and almost effortless for employers and employees," said Sue Reibel, senior vice president of Manulife Group Benefits and Retirement Solutions.

More information can be found at: www.manulifeprpp.com/vrsp/sage

About The Sage Group plc

We provide small and medium-sized organizations with a range of easy-to-use, secure, and efficient business management software and services -- from accounting and payroll to enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management, and payments. Our customers receive continuous advice and support through our global network of local experts to help them solve their business problems, giving them the confidence to achieve their business ambitions. Formed in 1981, Sage was floated on the London Stock Exchange in 1989 and entered the FTSE 100 in 1999. Sage has over 6 million customers and more than 12,700 employees in 24 countries covering the UK & Ireland, mainland Europe, North America, South Africa, Australia, Asia, and Brazil.

For more information about Sage in North America, please visit the company website at NA.Sage.com. Follow Sage North America on Facebook , Facebook.com /Sage, and Twitter , Twitter.com /SageNAmerica.

©2014 Sage Software Canada, Ltd . All rights reserved. Sage, the Sage logos, and the Sage product and service names mentioned herein are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sage Software, Inc . or its affiliated entities. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2014 NoticiasFinancieras - Marketwire - All rights reserved

Document NFINCE0020140721ea7l00004




Business; Front Page
Treasury to set out radical changes to UK's £12bn annuities market

JAMES QUINN      
504 words
20 July 2014
The Sunday Telegraph
STEL
1; National
1
English
The Sunday Telegraph © 2014. Telegraph Media Group Ltd.      

THE TREASURY is to set out details of the biggest changes to the pensions industry in more than a century tomorrow, firing the starting pistol on a rapid legislative programme designed to give savers greater choice.

David Gauke, the new financial secretary to the Treasury, is to publish a major consultation on the future of the pensions market, entitled Freedom and Choice in Pensions. The document is aimed at setting out the Treasury's detailed thinking on how the new pensions system will operate.

The paper will call time on the UK's annuity market, which is worth £12bn a year, and set out plans to allow prospective pensioners flexibility in what they do with their pension pot on retirement. The publication of the document will kick-start a series of formal industry consultations, ahead of the changes that come into effect from April next year.

Central to those changes is the need for all prospective pensioners to be offered advice as to what sort of pension product to opt for. The Treasury will commit itself to offering face-to-face advice to those who request it, but the majority of advice will be over the telephone or via a centralised website.

The changes were introduced by George Osborne, the Chancellor, in his Budget speech in March, in which he pledged to end the annuity market.

Mr Osborne said he felt, along with many critics of annuities, that buyers were being short-changed and given little value for money.

However, the news caught investors unawares, with some £4.4bn being slashed from the value of insurance companies in afternoon trading after the Budget.

Mr Gauke will set out the details tomorrow, emphasising that the Government is committed to encouraging greater innovation in the pensions market.

A significant part of the consultation will be devoted to encouraging insurance and pensions providers to develop new products to allow pensioners income in their retirement, but offer greater freedom than has traditionally been the case.

Alongside this, HM Revenue and Customs will outline changes to the tax rules that govern the selling of products.

The pension changes mean retirees will be able to take lump sums from lifetime annuities at specific points, and allow varying levels of income over time from an annuity. The proposals will also include, for the first time, changes that will allow family members to receive some of an annuity should the policyholder die.

The announcement is likely to be scrutinised by the industry, both in terms of content and timing.

Major insurers have raised their concerns on timing with the Treasury ahead of the announcement, warning that promising face-to-face advice meetings to all could slow the process.

Shortly after the Budget, the Association of British Insurers cautiously welcomed the plans. Otto Thoresen, the director general, said they "represented a significant challenge for everyone involved in helping people to secure their retirement income".

Comment: B2

Document STEL000020140720ea7k0000r




Metro News
Cobb: Cobb: Acworth to hold hearings on property tax increase

Tucker McQueen, Carolyn Cunningham      
for the AJC
504 words
16 July 2014
The Atlanta Journal - Constitution
ATJC
Main
B4
English
Copyright (c) 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, All Rights Reserved      

Acworth will hold public hearings on a proposed 4.28 percent property tax increase 9 a.m. and 7 p.m. Thursday at City Hall, 4415 Senator Russell Ave.

The tentative 7.60 millage rate, an increase of 0.312 mills, would increase taxes $15.60 a year for a $125,000 house and $31.20 for a $250,000 house.

The Board of Aldermen will adopt the millage rate after a third public hearing 6:30 p.m. July 24.

Information: www.cityofacworth.org.

TUCKER MCQUEEN

Austell names advisory board appointment

Joyce Simmons-Celestine has been approved by the Austell City Council as a member of the Austell Area Community Improvement Commission Advisory Board.

She replaces Ollie Clemons who was elected to the City Council in November as the city's first African-American public official.

This board of five makes recommendations to the City Council on how to spend annual interest earned on the city's $5 million court settlement account with Norfolk Southern Railroad when the Austell Intermodal Facility was constructed on U.S. 278 at Westside Road around 2000. CAROLYN CUNNINGHAM

Marietta offers citizens police academy

Marietta residents will have a chance to get an inside look at the police department during a free, 10-week Citizens' Police Academy 6-9 p.m. Tuesdays starting July 29. Applications are available at the Marietta Police Department, 240 Lemon St. Info: gfoster@mariettaga.gov.

TUCKER MCQUEEN

Meetings continue on Cobb SPLOST

A series of public meetings on a proposed 2016 SPLOST continue 7-9 p.m. Wednesday at the West Cobb Senior Center, 4915 Dallas Highway, Powder Springs. The last three county-wide hearings will be 10 a.m. Thursday, 9 a.m. Monday and 7 p.m. Tuesday at the Board of Commissioners Room, 100 Cherokee St., Marietta. Info: www.cobbcounty.org or www.cobbSPLOST.org.

TUCKER MCQUEEN

Smyrna mayor to give annual address

Smyrna Mayor Max Bacon will give an annual state of city address 11:30 Thursday at the Smyrna Community Center, 200 Village Green Circle. He plans to talk about the city's financial picture, projects that have been completed during the last year and city progress in terms of development and redevelopment.

The meeting is sponsored by the Smyrna Business Association and Smyrna Council of the Cobb Chamber.

Info: www.smyrnacity.com.

TUCKER MCQUEEN FOR THE AJC

Powder Springs plans chamber renovation

Powder Springs seeks bids for the demolition, modification and renovation of the Council Chamber. A pre-proposal meeting is 11 a.m. today at City Hall, 4484 Marietta St.

Proposals must be submitted before 10 a.m. July 30, also to City Hall. They will be publicly opened and read aloud.

Contact: Croy Engineering LLC, the program manager, at 770-971-5407 or tsirmans@croyengineering.com.

CAROLYN CUNNINGHAM 

For Reprints in the Original Format:      http://www.ajc.com/info/content/services/info/reprint2.html

Document ATJC000020140716ea7g00001



News
Retirement Is More Expensive Than You Think: Monday's Retirement Scan

504 words
14 July 2014
Financial Planning
FPLN
Vol.1, No.1
English
(c) 2014 Financial Planning and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved.      

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

Retirement may be even more expensive than you thinkRetirement investors need to save more than conventional wisdom calls for to meet their basic income needs during their golden years, according to Richard C. Marston of the University of Pennsylvania. In fact, the often-cited estimate eight times current earnings may be far too low, he says. Instead, retirement savings should be about 15 times more than the current salary for clients to have adequate nest eggs, says Marston, author of "Investing for a Lifetime." Retirees' spending behavior can be expected to be very similar to their pre-retirement years, the expert explains.   --New York Times

Are you paying too much for long-term care?Nearly 70% of Americans are in need of long-term care insurance during their golden years, while 20% will need more than five years of long-term care, according to Motley Fool. However, the lack of market competition results in high LTC premiums, decreasing many people's desire for such coverage. The article comes with a slideshow that will help clients manage premium costs effectively. In a separate article, Motley Fool says the average person will need three years of this coverage in their lifetimes. But they need to be aware of what is and isn't covered. Long-term care insurance: What it really covers.  -- Motley Fool

Retirement saving makes one wealthy, healthyPeople who have retirement savings are more likely than those who don't to take care of their health, according to a study. There is a direct correlation between patterns of retirement contributions and future health improvements, the study found. Interventions, such as education and testing, can help clients who are mindful of their future to take necessary actions to improve their situation, says one of the researchers.  --USA Today

Your retirement-readiness checklistInvestors need to ensure that they are on track in building their nest eggs, according to Morningstar. Clients need to optimize their retirement date, evaluate their income needs in retirement, and maximize their pension and Social Security benefits. They should also check that they are investing in the right annuities, that their planned spending rate is feasible, and that their long-term portfolio can support their expected income needs. It will also help if clients are updated on tax management issues, if they can ensure that they hold adequate insurance, and if they focus on their estate and portfolio succession plan.  --Morningstar

Have you ever spoken to your spouse about retirement?Clients who are in their 40s and 50s need to discuss retirement with their spouses as soon as possible and make plans on how to prepare for their golden years, according to MarketWatch. They must work together with their spouses towards sharing the same retirement goals, and stop blaming each other for spending beyond their means and address the issue in a calm and objective manner.  --MarketWatch

Read more:



Document FPLN000020140714ea7e000b5


Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:35 PM
    
