 


Shire, AbbVie Met to Discuss Takeover Proposal -- Update

504 words
12 July 2014
06:25 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      


By Jonathan D. Rockoff 

Pharmaceutical company Shire PLC met with rival AbbVie Inc. earlier this week to discuss the terms of AbbVie's $51 billion takeover proposal, according to a person familiar with the matter.

The companies met after AbbVie raised its cash-and-stock proposal, and the discussions aimed to help Shire understand the ins and outs of the latest offer, according to the person.

The talks weren't intended to trigger negotiations, and Shire didn't commit to further discussions, the person said, though further talks could follow. The person didn't know if any subsequent meetings were planned.

Bloomberg first reported talks were held. Shire, of Dublin, Ireland, issued a statement on Friday confirming the meeting with AbbVie, but didn't elaborate. AbbVie declined to comment.

AbbVie, a Chicago-area pharmaceutical company with an $88 billion market capitalization, makes the world's top-selling drug, Humira. The company has made four proposals to buy Shire.

AbbVie has said it would seek to reincorporate in the U.K. after it bought Shire, a so-called inversion that several American companies have sought in recent months to lower their tax rates.

Shire has been cool to AbbVie's pursuit, saying the proposals undervalued Shire and didn't account for the risks in securing a tie-up. Chief Executive Flemming Ornskov said a takeover could disrupt the company's pivot toward drugs for rare diseases and its recent double-digit growth in profits and earnings per share.

"This is not driven by industrial, medical or research logic. This must be driven by financial and tax thinking," Dr. Ornskov said in a recent interview.

But analysts said the terms of AbbVie's latest proposal would be hard for Shire to reject out of hand. Two top-20 Shire investors have told The Wall Street Journal that they would like Shire to engage in talks with AbbVie, whose most recent proposal promised a 48% premium to Shire's share price the day before AbbVie made its first bid in early May.

AbbVie was spun off from Abbott Laboratories in early 2013. It is trying to develop drugs for hepatitis C and other diseases to diversify beyond rheumatoid-arthritis therapy Humira. Humira accounts for more than half of the company's revenue, but it is scheduled to lose patent protections starting in 2016.

Shire is best known for the drug Vyvanse, its top-selling product, which treats attention-deficit disorder. The company has been shifting focus toward rarer diseases, such as an enzyme disorder called Hunter Syndrome treated by the company's Elaprase therapy.

Since taking Shire's helm last year, Dr. Ornskov has done six acquisitions to build the company's rare-disease capabilities, and its market capitalization has more than doubled to $49 billion.

--Peter Loftus and Hester Plumridge contributed to this article

Write to Jonathan D. Rockoff at jonathan.rockoff@wsj.com

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

July 11, 2014 16:25 ET (20:25 GMT)

Document DJDN000020140711ea7b0034b




MARKETS & INVESTING
Report points to new Fed policing tool; CAPITAL MARKETS

By Tracy Alloway in London      
504 words
3 July 2014
Financial Times
FTFT
USA Ed2
18
English
Copyright 2014 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

The Federal Reserve could better police the shadow banking system by using a new financial tool created to help it wind down emergency monetary easing, says a new US government report.

The central bank has been testing a so-called reverse repo programme that will see it lend out securities from its vast portfolio of assets to money market funds. This enables the Fed to drain money from the financial system and better control short-term interest rates.

It also means that the central bank is playing a much larger role in a key shadow banking market, which it could use to better govern this opaque area of the financial system. The report from the Office of Financial Research, part of the US Treasury, suggests that the Fed could leverage the RRP to better control non-bank financial intermediaries and prevent market booms and busts.

In particular, it said, the Fed could set minimum haircuts - charges for trades - on its RRPs, a move that would resemble the reserve requirements imposed on banks to help implement monetary policy. Raising or lowering the haircuts would act like a lever that could influence the behaviour of money market funds in the repo market.

"Minimum haircut requirements could become the equivalents of minimum capital requirements for the backing of shadow money claims, and could give the Federal Reserve macroprudential control over market-based credit cycles - a control it did not have pre-crisis," Zoltan Pozar, senior adviser at the OFR, said in the paper.

According to the paper's definition of shadow banking, which is capital markets activities that are funded through short-term money markets, the size of the sector has fallen from a peak of $8tn in 2008 to $5tn at the end of last year.

Mr Pozar wrote some of the first research on shadow banking but his definition of the market is considerably narrower than the one used by many others. The Financial Stability Board estimates that the shadow banking system, which it defines as non-bank lending, has increased 21 per cent since the financial crisis to $71tn of assets.

The OFR report says that the growth of shadow banks before 2008 may have been due to large global imbalances leading risk-averse cash managers to seek out money-like assets being created in the recesses of the financial system.

Chief among these were the repo market transactions provided by big dealer-banks which saw them pawn their assets in exchange for short-term loans from lenders including money market funds, insurers and mutual funds.

The repo market became ground zero for the financial crisis after these lenders sharply reduced their financing to large banks.

"One way to interpret the phenomenon of shadow banking is as the financial economy reflection of real economy imbalances such as excess savings, slowing potential growth, and the rising share of corporate profits relative to wages in GDP," Mr Pozar said.

Document FTFT000020140703ea730003e




U.S. stocks fall after jobless, spending data; Dow Jones down 0.15%

504 words
26 June 2014
Investing.com
INVEN
English
Copyright 2014. Fusion Media Limited. All Rights Reserved.      

Investing.com -

Investing.com - U.S. stocks opened moderately lower on Thursday, after the release of positive U.S. jobless claims and personal spending data, while Wednesday's downbeat economic growth report continued to weigh.

During early U.S. trade, the Dow 30 slipped 0.15%, the S&P 500 fell 0.25%, while the NASDAQ Composite edged down 0.18%.

The U.S. Department of Labor said the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending June 21 declined by 2,000 to 312,000 from the previous week's revised total of 314,000.

Analysts had expected jobless claims to fall by 4,000 to 310,000 last week.

A separate report showed that U.S. personal spending rose 0.2% last month, below expectations for an increase of 0.4%. Personal spending for April was revised to a flat reading from a previously reported decline of 0.1%.

The data came a day after the Commerce Department said U.S. gross domestic product contracted at an annual rate of 2.9% in the first three months of the year, compared to the consensus forecast for a decline of 1.7%.

General Motors (NYSE:GM) declined 0.62% following reports the automaker may need to fix its top-selling Chevrolet Cruze for a new type of air-bag problem.

The news came as the company has already recalled a record number of vehicles in the U.S. this year due to defaults linked to at least 13 deaths.

Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM) added to losses, down 2.71%, as the tobacco company lowered its annual earnings projection.

CBS Corporation (NYSE:CBS) saw shares drop 0.50% after rallying over 6% on Wednesday when the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the network and three others, including NBC, CNBC's parent, saying TV startup Aereo had violated copyright law.

Elsewhere, Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) shares rose 0.22% after the drugmaker halted a late-stage trial of an experimental skin cancer drug after patients showed "superior overall survival."

Winnebago (NYSE:WGO) was also on the upside, surging 2.31%, after the motor-home maker reported its strongest quarterly revenue since 2005.

Other stocks likely to be in focus included Nike (NYSE:NKE), scheduled to release quarterly earnings later in the day.

Across the Atlantic, European stock markets were steady. The DJ Euro Stoxx 50 eased 0.09%, France's CAC 40 edged up 0.07%, Germany's DAX slipped 0.09%, while Britain's FTSE 100 inched 0.07% lower.

During the Asian trading session, Hong Kong's Hang Seng jumped 1.45%, while Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.27%.

<a href="http://www.Investing.com" rel="nofollow" title="Investing.com">Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.

Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com Stocks & Forex App for Android! 

Document INVEN00020140626ea6q000jl


Bang On
Homes
Home ownership out of reach for many young people \ construction industry: New home affordability remains a prime concern

TED MELCHERS      
504 words
21 June 2014
The London Free Press
LNDNFP
Final
H11
English
2014 Sun Media Corporation      

This week's topic is the first in a series concerning issues affecting the residential construction industry across Canada.

Bard Golightly, president of the Canadian Home Builders' Association, recently said in his inaugural address: "For nearly three quarters of a century, CHBA has brought together home builders, renovators, community developers and those who work with us, in common purpose -- to ensure we can continue to provide Canadians with the best housing in the world.

"The evidence of our success can be seen in the neighbourhoods that make up every city and town across our country and in the pride of millions of Canadians who live in homes built by CHBA members."

The association has held to its core principles since its founding in 1943: Affordability and choice in housing where communities provide a wide range of housing options suited to all those who want to live and work there; and that Canadians who work hard should have a reasonable opportunity to own a home.

New home affordability remains a prime concern among the members of the association.

Home ownership has long been an integral part of the Canadian dream and one of the major building blocks towards financial security.

Unfortunately this important milestone is becoming an unattainable goal for many young people.

Government-imposed costs, particularly at the municipal and provincial level, threaten the dream of home ownership for many Canadians.

Overall taxation on new home buyers can amount to more than 20% of the purchase price in some regions. This factor is pushing the possibility of home ownership out of reach for many young people. In the case of constantly increasing development charges, that amount is subject to HST -- in effect a tax on a tax.

Between 2005 and 2011, the average house price in Canada increased by 58% while the average income of millennials (25-to 34-year-olds) increased by a mere 6%.

As new home prices rise, inevitably the resale market prices also rise. The average house price in Canada in 2011 was $422,000, which translates to more than six times the average yearly income of a millennial. The World Bank classifies this 6:1 ratio as "severely unaffordable."

There's some positive news for those looking to enter the housing market. The New Building Canada Plan is a federal government initiative to invest in core municipal infrastructure. If these funds are invested properly at the municipal level, municipalities should be less dependent on development charges, thereby helping to reduce the taxation of new homes.

There are several ways to help potential first-time home buyers. Those who are well qualified should have access to longer mortgage amortization periods (30 years) and current federal first-time homebuyer assistance programs should be indexed so young people and families continue to have the opportunity to own a home.

Ted Melchers is president of the London Home Builders' Association

Document LNDNFP0020140621ea6l0002p




Smart Money
Dreams of cracking the UK market

Anne Fulwood      
504 words
21 June 2014
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
27
English
Copyright 2014. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited.      

Donna Burton is looking to take her range of nut products to London.

At her Saturday market stall in suburban Sydney, Donna Burton is selling her macadamia nut products and dreaming big.

Ever since living in London for about two years in the mid-1990s, she has had an ambition to join the list of suppliers to that city's venerable grocery store, Fortnum & Mason.

Her Jelbonleigh macadamias could provide the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

After launching with one product 15 years ago, Burton has built a small but premium, award-winning business and, since January, has been in conversation with Fortnum and has her fingers tightly crossed for a business breakthrough. Once she cracks that market, she says she'll have a go at Harrods.

Jelbonleigh supplies retail-packed plain and flavoured macadamia nuts, broken nut pieces for cooking and macadamia nut butter and oil. Prices range from $9 for a 100-gram pack to $30 for a half-kilogram. The nut butter is $13 for a 330-gram jar, $33 for 1.3-kilogram jar and the oil from $12 to $20 a bottle.

Burton says her business will grow gradually as bigger, traditional grocery stores tap into the trend for stocking health foods, including more nut products.

"These supplies are becoming more mainstream as people become more conscious of where food is grown, how it is harvested and packaged, and more aware of the health benefits of nut butters and oils."

Burton calls Sydney's Royal Agricultural Society Easter Show her saviour.

Since 2006, Jelbonleigh has won multiple RAS fine food and regional awards, which have given her brand credibility, increased market confidence among buyers and, importantly, opened the door to her coveted markets across Australia and in Britain.

Nuts are sourced from growers in northern NSW for between $14 and $17 a kilogram. Six tonnes might yield about a tonne of finished product. As her volumes grow, Burton says she has access to further suppliers.

Burton pays Stahmann Farms about $7000 per processed tonne of product; labelling is supplied by AC Labels in Sydney, for about $2000 a year. Stahmann Farms is the premier sheller of Australian tree nuts (walnuts, macadamias and almonds) and is described as a leading processor and marketer of Australian macadamias.

Burton's point of difference is that she sources her own macadamia nuts from farmers and they are all-Australian "from paddock to plate". "No one else's nuts are mixed with mine and the macadamias are processed in a peanut-free facility."

Revenues are on the rise, Burton says, but not enough for her to give up her full-time day job as a teacher with Life Education's "Healthy Harold" initiative, launched by Ted Noffs in Sydney in the mid-1970s to educate young people about healthy, drug-free and alcohol-free living. Burton trained as an art teacher in Tasmania, is divorced and has two children, aged 22 and 21.

Document AFNR000020140620ea6l00034




Stocks boost U.S. public pensions despite accounting reform -study

504 words
11 June 2014
05:52 AM
Reuters News
LBA
English
(c) 2014 Reuters Limited      

WASHINGTON, June 10 (Reuters) - A rising stock market will cause most U.S. public pensions to achieve healthy funding levels this year, even as they adapt to an overhaul on accounting for investments, according to a survey from the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College released on Tuesday.

Up until this year, almost all public pensions "smoothed" their assets' values across a short span of years. That meant the losses they suffered in 2008 from the financial crisis, pummeling their biggest source of revenue - returns on equities - affected their funding levels through 2013. Last year, the 150 plans Boston College surveyed had enough assets in total to cover 72 percent of their liabilities, the same as 2012. The ratio first dipped below 80 percent, considered the threshold for a financially healthy plan, in 2009.

The Governmental Accounting Standards Board has ended the process of smoothing starting this year. Under the old methods, plans' funded status would have likely risen to 75.2 percent as the losses from the crisis finally fell out of the calculations, and then probably climbed 77.4 percent the following year.

Under the new standards taking effect this month, though, many plans will appear to be in even better shape. Recent gains in the stock market will register at once, bringing the baseline funded ratio up to 80.6 percent in 2014 and possibly 81.6 percent in 2015, the survey found, projecting the investments' performance using the Dow Jones Wilshire 500 Index.

Public pensions ended 2013 with the highest assets on record, according to the U.S. Census.

"Regardless of the measurement standard, a continued healthy stock market will improve the funding picture in 2014. What happens thereafter depends very much on the performance of the stock market and the extent to which plans adjust their discount rates," according to the survey.

There is a hitch. If a public pension is deemed "underfunded," it will have to reduce its projected rate of return to one GASB considers "riskless." When applying this rate to all the sample pensions, Boston estimated the funded ratio would be 69.5 percent this year and 70.4 percent next.

Last week, the Federal Reserve reported public pensions had a funding gap of $1.372 trillion in the first quarter. With benefit entitlements totaling $5.034 trillion, pensions were 72.7 percent funded. Just a year earlier, in the first quarter of 2013, pensions were only 69 percent funded, according to the Federal Reserve data.

Still, each state has a unique retirement system for public employees and the plans' financial health can vary greatly. For fiscal 2013, which for most public pensions ended June 30, 2013, 6 percent of the plans surveyed had enough assets to cover more than 100 percent of their liabilities and 27 percent of plans could cover 80 percent to 99 percent, Boston College found. (Reporting By Lisa Lambert; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) 

Released: 2014-6-10T20:52:55.000Z

Document LBA0000020140610ea6a00cfm




Tax Expert
Financial Post
Take caution when adjusting tax return

Jamie Golombek      
Financial Post
504 words
7 June 2014
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
FP8
English
(c) 2014 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

In the midst of spring cleaning you discover a folder containing a bunch of medical receipts from last year that you neglected to include in the total medical expenses you claimed when you filed your 2013 tax return.

Compounding the problem is the fact that this year, you filed early and have already received your Notice of Assessment from the Canada Revenue Agency approving your refund which was deposited into your bank in March.

The good news is that correcting or adjusting your tax return is a relatively straightforward proposition that does not involve actually having to redo and resubmit a corrected or amended tax return.

Instead, all you need to do to make a change to your return is to go online and select the "Change my return" option on the "My Account" section of the CRA website. If you prefer paper instead, you can send a completed Form T1-ADJ "T1 Adjustment Request" or even just a signed letter, along with supporting receipts or documents, to your tax centre requesting that the necessary adjustment be made.

A recent court case, however, serves as a caution for taxpayers who may be tempted to abuse this relatively simple adjustment process. The case involved a taxpayer who submitted T1 adjustment requests for the 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001 tax years claiming what turned out to be fictitious expenses sufficient to generate a total refund of more than $200,000, which was the total of the tax withheld at source in those years.

The CRA was rightly suspicious of the taxpayer's adjustment requests and not only denied them outright but assessed gross negligence penalties totaling over $75,000 for knowingly making a "false statement in filing a return, form, certificate or answer relating to a taxation year."

The taxpayer went to court in an attempt to get penalties cancelled on the grounds that despite falsifying the expenses, his action was due to "stress related to financial difficulties, marriage breakdown and the loss of access to his business books and records."

The taxpayer's lawyer also put forth several legal arguments as to why the penalties should be cancelled including the fact that no refund nor notice of reassessment was ever generated by the CRA as a result of the "fictitious requests" and therefore the taxpayer didn't actually "benefit" from filing the fraudulent forms.

The judge dismissed each of the taxpayer's arguments in turn and concluded that the taxpayer "needed cash (and that) the filing of these fictitious requests would be a convenient and quick solution and would otherwise...be carried out with impunity."

So before filing your adjustment request, be sure you've got the supporting documentation to back it up or risk not only having your request denied but being hit with a penalty to boot.

Jamie.Golombek@cibc.com Jamie Golombek is the managing director, tax & estate planning with CIBC Wealth Advisory Services in Toronto.

Document FINP000020140607ea670002g




What Do Chinese Home Buyers Want? -- WSJ Blog-2-

504 words
3 June 2014
05:43 PM
Dow Jones Newswires Chinese (English)
RTNW
English
Copyright © 2014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

When searching for real estate, well-heeled Chinese consumers are buying properties as investments and for future generations, with many spending between $1 million and $3 million on the latter purchases.

That's what Sotheby's International Realty found in a recent survey of affluent real-estate consumers in China, the U.S., U.K. and Brazil. Though the sample size was quite small in certain countries, with only 102 people interviewed in China, it showed that most high-net worth consumers recognize the critical role real estate plays in building wealth, noted Philip White, CEO of Sotheby's International Realty Affiliates.

Seeing homes appreciate in value is a main driver for wealthy Chinese home buyers, with 99% of respondents saying a return on investment was important, compared with 89% of U.S. survey takers. At the same time, China's property slowdown appears to be taking its toll, as only 63% of Chinese respondents felt more confident in the strength of their housing market compared to five years ago, while 77% of respondents in the U.K. and 76% of respondents in Brazil noted an upswing in their housing markets.

But buying a home for future generations remains a priority for the Chinese, with 93% of respondents saying they're likely to make such a purchase, compared to only 64% in the U.S.

The survey, which took place in late January and early February, sheds light onto the growing group of Chinese buyers that real-estate markets across the world are increasingly trying to cater to. "Over the last five years the Chinese interest has grown, and we expect this to continue in years to come," notes Michael Pallier, managing director of Sydney Sotheby's International Realty in Australia.

For a more granular perspective on where the Chinese are looking, Shanghai-based real-estate portal Juwai.com, which features worldwide property listings for Chinese home buyers, recently collected data on where consumers in tier-1 and tier-2 cities are searching for homes abroad. In Shanghai and Guangzhou, both tier-1 cities, top country searches included the U.S. and Australia. In tier-2 cities such as Chengdu, Kunming and Harbin, top destinations included Spain, Germany and France.

"Consumers in tier-2 cities are more adventurous than their tier-1 compatriots," says Juwai.com co-founder Andrew Taylor. "They seem to be leading the charge into the furthest-flung international real-estate markets."

There's still one place in China, though, where home buyers aren't favoring one country over another: Hong Kong. Says Mr. Taylor of Hong Kong buyers: "They're looking everywhere."

-- Alyssa Abkowitz. Follow him on Twitter @AlyssaAbkowitz

_____________________________________

Also popular on China Real Time now:

A Chinese Awards Show Gets a Hollywood Welcome

Chinese General Says U.S. Foreign Policy Has 'Erectile Dysfunction' Problems

More at The Wall Street Journal's China Real Time Report blog, http://blogs.wsj.com/chinarealtime/

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

03-06-14 0743GMT

Document RTNW000020140603ea630005h




News
First growths best place for gains as recovery in wine market widely anticipated

Guy Collins      
504 words
30 May 2014
Irish Independent
IINM
3; National
41
English
(c) 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Ltd      

MATURE vintages dating back to the 1990s from top Bordeaux estates are among wines offering the best opportunities for gains after a three-year market slump, according to a manager at The Wine Investment Fund.

While Bordeaux from recent years including 2008 and 2009 has continued to drop in price over this year, clarets from 1995 have held their value better as stocks are being drunk down, Investment Manager Chris Smith said in an interview.

"The mature vintages are where the real opportunities are," Mr Smith said.

"If you're anticipating a recovery, as we are, I think first growths are probably the place to be."

The Liv-ex 100 Index of benchmark wines, predominantly from Bordeaux and including producers from areas such as Burgundy, the Rhone, Champagne and Italy, has dropped for 13 straight months, bringing its decline since the end of March last year to 12pc.

Waning Chinese demand combined with a run of three difficult vintages in Bordeaux following the highly priced 2009s and 2010s has hurt investor appetite for wines from the region.

Mr Smith said that first growths "tend to overperform on the way up and underperform on the way down, so they're slightly more volatile than the rest of the market."

First growths from the left bank of the Gironde estuary, reflecting a list drawn up for Napoleon III's Paris exhibition of 1855, include Chateau Lafite Rothschild, Chateau Latour, Chateau Margaux and Chateau Haut-Brion. A fifth estate, Chateau Mouton Rothschild, was added in 1973.

A case of Latour 1995 sold for £3,750 (?4,451) on Liv-ex on May 22, little changed from the £3,800 (?4,510) at which a similar case changed hands in December 2012, according to Liv-ex data. A case of Latour 2008 sold for £3,600 (?4,273) on the exchange on May 7, down 18pc from £4,400 (?5,223) in December 2012.

"The market now is well below the trend line," Mr Smith said, following annual declines in the Liv-ex 100 of 15pc in 2011, 9pc in 2012, 1pc last year and 4pc so far this year.

Muted demand for the latest Bordeaux vintage has been reflected in lower volume on the Liv-ex market.

"In April last year, the new 2012 vintage accounted for 16pc of Bordeaux trade by value," Liv-ex said in its monthly Cellar Watch market report.

Mr Smith said that sterling strength had played a part in pushing wine prices lower, because of the UK's pivotal role in the global secondary market for wines. The pound was trading at $1.67 yesterday in London compared with $1.51 in May last year, while against the euro it climbed to ?1.23 from ?1.17 over a similar period.

"The fall in the wine indices really closely mirrors the rise in sterling," Mr Smith said. "This is a real sticking point for wine." (Bloomberg)

Document IINM000020140530ea5u00019




Money
Rates threat to negative gearing

Clancy Yeates      
504 words
28 May 2014
The Age
AGEE
First
4
English
© 2014 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited.      www.theage.com.au

Insight

As the typical house price rises, so does the number of debt-laden landlords. That's the message from recent figures showing that it's investors, rather than owner-occupiers, who are driving the house price surge.

A recent survey published by Roy Morgan said the number of people using borrowed money to invest in bricks and mortar had surged by 37 per cent between 2010 and March this year to 1.31 million. In comparison, there was a much smaller 4 per cent rise in the number of borrowers who lived in their homes.

In dollar terms, the value of lending to property investors is growing at 7.9 per cent a year, compared with 4.9 per cent for owner-occupiers. And as this week's graphic shows, taking out an investment property loan has become more popular for people aged anywhere between 25 and 64.

There's nothing remarkable about using borrowed money to invest. But Australia's army of landlords stand out because so many are paying more in interest and other costs than they collect in rent - "negative gearing".

Property investors chalked up a whopping $7.8 billion loss of income in 2011-12, the latest year for which official figures are available. While other costs such as water bills and council rates all contributed to this loss, the biggest factor by far was interest payments. Property investors' annual interest bill was $24 billion, which wiped out more than 70 per cent of all gross rent collected.

Why are so many people prepared to make a loss on their investments? They believe capital gains will outweigh the short-term loss. Tax breaks also sweeten the deal.

So, just how likely are these capital gains?

Recently property prices have boomed in many cities, especially in Sydney. But Reserve Bank official Luci Ellis this month gave property speculators sensible advice: don't expect that rises of the past will necessarily be repeated.

Most economists agree the surge in property in the 1990s and early 2000s was influenced by a permanent shift to lower interest rates, made possible by a move to much lower inflation. The transition to cheaper credit allowed people to borrow more, and bid up the price of property. But as Ellis said, "that transition is over now".

In the last couple of years, interest rates have fallen further still, and once again this has helped to boost property prices. But none of the experts believe credit can remain this cheap.

Interest rates will eventually rise, probably by the middle of next year. When this happens, people making losses on their investment properties are likely to make an even bigger loss because their interest payments will rise.

They will be hoping for big capital gains, of course. But when it was cheap credit that helped push prices higher in the first place, juicy capital gains could be harder to come by when rates are heading up.

Document AGEE000020140527ea5s0005o




Govt supercharges debate over retirement

By Paul Osborne, AAP Senior Political Writer 
AAP
504 words
20 May 2014
AAP Bulletins
AAPBLT
English
© 2014 Australian Associated Press Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved 

Lifting the age at which retirees can get their superannuation seems inevitable.

The Abbott government is under siege from Labor, the Australian Greens and welfare groups over its budget decision to lift the pension age to 70 in 2035 and change pension indexation.

Superannuation is also in the spotlight after Treasurer Joe Hockey raised the prospect of a rise in the age at which super can be accessed, known as the preservation age.

Treasury boss Martin Parkinson added fuel to that fire on Tuesday when he told a business lunch in Sydney that change to the preservation age - which for those born after June 30, 1964 is 60 - was inevitable.

"I think it is inevitable that pressure will build for changes in that area," Dr Parkinson said.

"We have to get a bit more sensible about the way we talk about and think about retirement incomes."

The overall issue of retirement and the ability of people to work until they are 70 needed to be broadly discussed.

"(We) need to start to think more seriously about how people manage different careers throughout their life and how we manage the transition - we can't realistically expect a bricklayer to become a brain surgeon."

Mr Hockey indicated on the ABC's Q&A program on Monday the government could change the age at which people can access their retirement savings.

"It is on my mind, and it's on Tony Abbott's mind," Mr Hockey told the program, saying the issue of retirement savings could be addressed in this term rather than later.

But Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Tuesday the government would fulfil its election promise not to make any adverse changes to superannuation in its first term.

"A period of stability in respect of super is right and proper," the prime minister said.

Mr Hockey later backed up Mr Abbott.

"My personal view doesn't matter in this particular point," he said.

"What matters is the policy of government - we're not changing super in this term of government."

The government expects the latest Intergenerational Report - the first since January 2010 - to drive the debate when it's released at the end of 2014.

"(It will) look at the long term, even the very long-term challenges associated with things such as government expenditure or how do we fund our retirement savings," Mr Hockey said.

The Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia believes the preservation age should be set at least five years lower than the age pension eligibility age.

Industry Super Australia says raising the preservation age should only be looked at after other steps are examined, such as improving consumer protections.

Opposition Leader Bill Shorten said Mr Hockey should keep his hands off superannuation.

"In a breathtaking act of arrogance he says this super may be your money, but now I'm going to make you wait longer to get your own money," Mr Shorten said.

Document AAPBLT0020140520ea5k0008d




Investing
Will the Footsie crash before breaking its record? Shares hover near 6,930 high but experts warn on overvalued markets

TANYA JEFFERIES      
504 words
21 May 2014
02:44 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
© 2014 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved      

The world's top stock markets are overvalued and prices look 'vulnerable', a survey of investment managers warns.

They have sounded the alarm as London's FTSE 100 hovers tantalisingly close to its all-time high of 6,930, while on Wall Street the Dow Jones and S&P 500 continue to rack up fresh records.

Some 49 per cent of money experts surveyed by industry body CFA UK think developed world markets are overvalued - up from 39 per cent three months ago. Just 16 per cent of the 500-plus professional investors who responded view these markets as undervalued at present, against 22 per cent last time.

The poll of influential finance industry players will stoke fears that current elevated stock valuations are unsustainable, and investors are exposed to the danger of a market correction or at worst a crash.

The FTSE 100 reached a 14-year high of 6,894.90 last week, putting the UK's leading stock index within touching distance of its previous record notched up in December 1999 and the key 7,000 mark.

The CFA results, shown in detail below, reveal that the attitude towards emerging market stocks is little changed. Some 57 per cent of those surveyed regard them as undervalued now, compared with 59 per cent three months ago.

Emerging markets have taken a battering since the US Federal Reserve began scaling back its vast stimulus programme in December.

The central bank's operations were intended to support the US recovery, but they also generated plentiful cheap cash which boosted stocks and other assets around the world. The Fed's policy change means this money is now flooding back out again.

However, the CFA notes a shift in opinion on government bonds and gold over the past quarter. The proportion of investing experts who believe these traditional safe haven assets are overvalued has dwindled - from 76 per cent to 71 per cent in the case of bonds, and from 46 per cent to 36 per cent with regards to gold.

Investors dumped gold in 2013 as the world economic outlook improved and the Fed signalled its intention to end stimulus efforts. The gold price has stablised this year at around $1,300.

Will Goodhart, chief executive of CFA UK, said investment professionals had changed their views over the past quarter on three of the five asset classes covered in its research (see below).

'Expectations that central banks may delay interest rate rises, given recent economic data and an increasingly benign inflation outlook, appear to be encouraging some investment professionals to reconsider the relative value of debt and and equity investments,' he said.

'With both the FTSE and S&P indices hovering around record highs, our data suggests that investors should perhaps be cautious about reaching for yield in developed market equities when investment professionals view that yield premium as vulnerable.'

Document DAMONL0020140520ea5k002xu


Nordic Region Pensions & Investment News: Country Focus: Sweden - Employee contribution boost key to Swedish pensions conundrum.

Giovanni Legorano      
504 words
20 May 2014
Nordic Region Pensions & Investment News
NORPEN
English
(c) 2014 The Financial Times Limited.      

Sweden's pensions system could be radically improved by encouraging employees to increase their level of contributions into employer sponsored plans, according to a report by Mercer.

This could be done by simplifying regulations that currently only allow extra contributions above the tax deductible threshold if this is stated by collective agreement signed by trade unions and companies.

David Knox, partner at Mercer, says: "This would make the process more effective for individuals wishing to save more."

In Sweden, the employer has tax deductibility of up to 30 per cent of its income, says Mikael Nyman, a Swedish pensions expert. This is normally regulated at a collective agreement level.

"There is always a possibility to make extra contributions, if the employer and employee agree upon it. Contribution to second pillar pensions are paid totally by the employer, which, however, can top up its pensions contributions with money from employees' salaries," he says.

Sweden fared third best in the latest Melbourne Mercer Global Pensions Index (MMGPI), which classified 14 retirement systems from all continents excluding Africa, according to adequacy, sustainability and integrity. Based on these categories, it built three sub-indices and then blended them into the MMGPI.

The Netherlands scored the highest, followed by Switzerland and Sweden. Together with Australia and Canada, the countries made it to grade B, which, according to Mercer, means they have "a system that has a sound structure, with many good features, but has some areas for improvement".

Mercer also recommended that Sweden raise its retirement age, as other countries have done, to reflect increased life expectancy.

Currently, Swedes can start collecting their state pension from age 61, but may work until age 67 if they wish. The government is planning to increase this limit to 69, according to Mr Nyman.

"It would be most beneficial for the country if people had a longer working life, starting earlier and working longer," he adds.

However, Mercer's Mr Knox says Sweden would climb up the MMGPI more quickly if it introduced arrangements to protect the pensions interests of both parties in a divorce. Under existing rules, occupational pensions provided by employers are excluded from the division of assets when a married couple splits up.

He says: "The largest impact on the scores would be caused by reviewing the divorce rules, followed by encouraging member contributions and indicating an increase in the state pension age by 2030."

Mercer also recommended that Sweden improves its requirements in respect of annual information to members of all pension plans.

In brief

The Netherlands scored the highest in the latest Melbourne Mercer Global Pensions Index, followed by Switzerland and Sweden.

Sweden could improve its rating by encouraging employee contributions into employer sponsored plans. Mercer also recommended that Sweden reviews its pensions policy in the case of a divorce, and that it improves its requirements in respect of annual information to members of all pension plans.

111090731

Document NORPEN0020140520ea5k0000a


IRI Partners with HealthView for Care Planning

PLANADVISER staff    
504 words
19 May 2014
Plan Adviser
PLNADV
English
© 2014. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.    

The Insured Retirement Institute (IRI) and HealthView Services developed a health care cost assessment program that helps financial advisers prepare clients for long-term health care spending needs.

Through the partnership, the IRI offers its member firms access to HealthView Prime, a retirement health care cost planning tool customized for financial advisers. The tool is designed to facilitate the integration of retirement health care cost considerations into retirement planning decisions.

"Incorporating future health care costs into Americans' retirement plans is essential to helping them financially prepare for their later years," explains Cathy Weatherford, IRI president and chief executive officer. "Until recently, advisers weren't always able to provide retirement health care data for individual clients, creating a retirement health care cost planning gap."

The individualized retirement health care cost data that HealthView Prime provides will be a powerful tool to help advisers drive informed retirement planning decisions, she adds.

According to HealthView Service's recently launched Retirement Health Care Cost Index, an average healthy couple retiring next year will spend 69% of their total lifetime Social Security benefits, or $366,599 in today's dollars, on health care in retirement. In another 10 years, costs will rise to 98% of total lifetime Social Security benefits, or $421,083.

For couples retiring in 20 years, as much as 127% of Social Security benefits will be required to cover health care costs, and couples retiring in 32 years will need 190% of their Social Security benefits to cover health care costs, barring substantial reforms to the federal safety net program (see "Health Care Costs Will Exceed Social Security Benefits" ).

"Retirement health care costs are the elephant in the room when it comes to retirement planning," says Ron Mastrogiovanni, founder and CEO of HealthView Services. "Driven by health care cost inflation, the elephant will only get bigger and crowd out other issues."

Using HealthView Prime, advisers affiliated with IRI member companies will be able to quickly calculate expected health care costs for individual clients. The data is a starting point for conversations about retirement savings and decumulation strategies that optimize Social Security payouts and other key factors to a successful retirement. The data can also help individuals decide when to retire and whether moving to a new state is a viable option, the firms say.

Drawing upon cost data from more than 50 million annual health care cases, HealthView Prime uses the actuary- and physician-reviewed methodology to determine average longevity and expected retirement health care costs based on age, gender, health, and time to retirement.

Under the terms of the partnership, IRI member companies will have the opportunity to sign up for HealthView Prime and will be charged based on adviser usage. In addition to HealthView Prime, HealthView Services' offers IRI members HealthWealthLink, an integrated retirement planning tool that assists financial advisers in preparing personalized estimates of retirement health care costs.

A one-click version  of HealthWealthLink is also available to calculate average retirement health care costs.

Document PLNADV0020140520ea5j00001




NEWS
Fretting in debt College loans top $1.2T

DAN FRIEDMAN    
DAN FRIEDMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS
504 words
18 May 2014
New York Daily News
NYDN
SPORTS FINAL REPLATE
25
English
© 2014 Daily News, New York.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.    All rights reserved.    

WASHINGTON - It's the reason Tiffany Brown, a Queens College graduate, hasn't moved out of her parents' home, and the reason she thinks twice about law school. It's the biggest obstacle facing Christina Chaise, a 24-year-old graduate student at Columbia's Teachers College, in her journey from poverty to self-sufficiency. Brown and Chaise are typical young college graduates in New York - they have student loan debt that will probably affect their choices for decades. "It scares me," said Chaise who owes $20,000 but expects to borrow at least another $20,000 before finishing graduate school. "I have been pursuing higher education to raise myself out of poverty," she said. "I grew up in the projects. There's nothing wrong with that, but I want a better life.

I don't know if I can do everything I want to do because I have these bills to pay each month." Brown, a 25-year-old project coordinator with the New York Public Interest Research Group, had to take out extra loans after her father had a stroke while she was in college. She said she thinks about her $30,000 in debt whenever she considers any life choice. "It's impacting my decision whether I want to continue my career," she said. Millions of Americans are in the same boat as these New Yorkers. Americans owe $1.2 trillion in student loan debt, a number that has tripled in the last decade. New York State residents hold $60 billion of that debt, and college grads in the state owe on average $27,310 in student loans, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Student loans have passed credit cards and auto loans to become the second-biggest source of personal debt in the U.S., trailing only mortgages. Aware of growing public concern over the issue, Senate Democrats are making student loans one of their top election-year planks. They plan a vote in June on legislation offered by Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren that would allow holders of public and private student loans to refinance at lower rates, just as people can refinance home mortgages or car loans. Brown, who pays an interest rate of 6.8%, could benefit if the bill became law by cutting her interest in half.

"This high amount of student debt is dragging down our economy," said Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), who sponsored a provision in the loan legislation. Republicans are sure to balk at a provision in the bill that pays for the lost federal revenue from government loans by raising income taxes on those who earn more than $1 million a year. But Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) said Republicans will face stiff political pressure to compromise. "This issue has amazing resonance," Schumer said. dfriedman@ nydailynews.com

Caption: Tiffany Brown (left) and Christina Chaise owe thousands in student debt.    

Document NYDN000020140518ea5i0001v


LexisNexis Risk Solutions; Bankers Insurance Group Experiences 300% Increase in Homeowners Quotes Applying Analytics and External Data Sources such as LexisNexis

504 words
9 May 2014
Real Estate Weekly News
REWKN
82
English
© Copyright 2014 Real Estate Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2014 MAY 9 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Real Estate Weekly News -- LexisNexis(R) Risk Solutions announced its industry leading homeowners insurance data has helped Bankers Insurance Group deliver one-click, pre-underwritten quotes and simplify its home insurance sales process and the shopping experience for customers. Bankers Insurance Group won the Model Insurer 2014: Analytics category at the recent Celent 2014 Innovation and Insight event as a result of leveraging its internal patented analytics and modeling techniques along with property data from LexisNexis.

"Our goals were to improve customer experience and profitability, bringing value back to our homeowners customers," said Bill Martin, President, Bankers Insurance Group. "Our vision to make the quoting process easy was realized based on the amount of data available today and the evolutionary advancement in technology."

"Our work with Bankers Insurance Group has helped them gain a more holistic understanding of the property history and assure complete value coverage," said Ash Hassib, SVP and GM, Auto and Home Insurance, LexisNexis. "Enabling better risk assessment, accounting for location-associated risks and estimating home replacement cost, homeowners can quickly move through the one-click quoting process."

"A crucial element in making the most from modern and advanced predictive analytics systems is the ability to leverage not only insurers' internal data sources but also external data," said Karen Monks, Analyst with Celent's Insurance Group and author of the 'Model Insurer 2014: Case Studies of Effective Technology Use in Insurance' report.

In its recognition of Bankers Insurance Group's initiative to simplify the homeowners insurance shopping process, Celent highlighted the insurer's results, including a 300% increase in quotes compared to the same period in 2012, a six fold increase in its volume of new business and its time savings. It previously took 15 minutes, on average, to complete a quote. Using data and analytics, this time was reduced to less than a minute for its agents to provide a quoted premium to customers, allowing Bankers Insurance Group's agents to easily handle increases in customer inquiries. About LexisNexis Risk Solutions LexisNexis Risk Solutions (www.lexisnexis.com/risk/) is a leader in providing essential information that helps customers across industries and government predict, assess and manage risk. Combining cutting-edge technology, unique data and advanced analytics, Risk Solutions provides products and services that address evolving client needs in the risk sector while upholding the highest standards of security and privacy. LexisNexis Risk Solutions is part of Reed Elsevier, a leading global provider of professional information solutions across a number of sectors.

Our insurance solutions assist insurers with automating and improving the performance of critical workflow processes to reduce expenses, improve service and position customers for growth.

Keywords for this news article include: Homeowners, Technology, Real Estate, LexisNexis Risk Solutions.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2014, NewsRx LLC

Document REWKN00020140502ea590001d




Financial Post Investing
Canadian stocks projected to gain strength

John Shmuel      
Financial Post
504 words
7 May 2014
National Post
FINP
National
FP8
English
(c) 2014 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

Canadian financial stocks could bounce back this year after spending most of 2014 trailing other sectors.

The S&P/TSX Capped Financial index has returned only 2.7% this year, while the S&P/TSX Composite index is up 7.2%.

But analysts said the lag in financials might only be temporary, especially as a number of factors could conspire to boost earnings and help fuel further multiple expansion in the sector.

"We believe life insurance and asset managers stand to benefit from a moderate uptrend in yields, equity gains, and a return to 'risk-on' leadership," said Vincent Delisle, an analyst at Scotiabank.

This year's disappointing performance by the financials is in contrast to the sector's 12.3% gain in 2013. Last year's rally defied market skeptics who took part in the so-called Great White Short, which involved betting against Canada's banks on the idea that heavily indebted Canadian consumers and an overheated housing market would bite into earnings.

Many of Canada's banks instead went on to post record profits, raising their dividends in the process.

But Mr. Delisle is still more bullish on Canada's asset managers and life insurers than he is on banks, for which he has a market weight recommendation overall. Nevertheless, he has overweight recommendations for Royal Bank of Canada, Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and National Bank of Canada.

For asset managers and insurers, Mr. Delisle has overweight recommendations for CI Financial, IGM Financial, Manulife Financial, Sun Life Financial and Intact Financial. Analysts have been bullish on Canadian financials because of the prospect of multiple expansion this year, but more are seeing the potential for higher interest rates to also start positively affecting the space.

Current expectations are for the Bank of Canada and U.S. Federal Reserve to hike rates next year. The higher rates are seen as especially beneficial for Canada's life insurance companies, but banks could also benefit.

Michael Goldberg, analyst at Desjardins Capital Markets, said this week that higher short-term interest rates could fuel margin expansion at Canada's banks, helping to add 20% to earnings by fiscal year 2017.

Of course, Canada's financial sector still faces a number of potential headwinds.

Analysts at Canaccord Genuity, which initiated equity coverage of Canada's banks

last week, said the housing market and heavily indebted consumers still pose risks to the financial sector.

"The major risk we see for the sector is a turn in the credit cycle, a recurring theme due to Canada's slower economic growth and concerns over a housing bubble," the analysts said.

The analysts do not view that as a "high probability" event as long as the Canadian economy grows at approximately 2.5% annually, something they say is supportive of job creation. The Bank of Canada forecasts the economy will grow by 2.3% this year, followed by 2.5% next year.

Document FINP000020140507ea570005f




Estate planning and firearms in Western Australia: why Annie might not get your gun

Paul Kordic      
504 words
4 May 2014
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2014 Mondaq Ltd      

When you pass away, gifting specific items to beneficiaries is usually a straightforward task for your executor. However, there are some items that you may not be able to gift automatically. You may need to take proactive steps prior to your death if you wish for them to be dealt with according to your Will.

Under Western Australian law, a licence is required to own a firearm. Upon the death of a licensed firearm holder, an executor should hand in firearms into a local police station or alternatively to a licensed firearms dealer for safe custody, regardless of whether the firearms are collectors' items or are actively used. This is because a firearms licence expires on the death of the licensee.

If firearms are handed to a licensed firearms dealer, the executor should inform police of their name and contact details, the details of the deceased licence holder, and the deceased's firearm licence number. The executor should also advise police what is to happen to the firearms, such as if they are to be disposed of, sold, or gifted under a Will.

If you intend to gift your firearms in your Will, you can take some steps to assist your executor in attempting to transfer the firearms to your beneficiaries.

Your executor could be co-licensed for each of the firearms. This will allow your executor to retain the firearms upon your death while administering your estate, rather than having to hand them to police or a firearms dealer. If the executor is co-licensed and retains the firearms, he or she must inform police of the whereabouts of the firearms.

To be licensed, an executor must have a genuine reason why they need a firearm. Being an executor under a Will is not considered a genuine reason, and in general, it can be difficult to meet the required test of obtain a firearm licence. Accordingly, you may wish to choose an executor who can display a genuine reason or currently holds a firearm licence.

Regardless of whether the executor is able to be co-licensed, the beneficiaries are ultimately the intended owners of the firearms and will therefore be required to be licensed. If they are unable to obtain a licence, they will not be able to take ownership of your intended firearm gifts. Accordingly, when specifying a gift of firearms, you may wish to consider if your beneficiary is currently, or is likely to be, licensed.

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Mr Paul Kordic

Rockwell Olivier

Level 22 BT Tower

1 Market Street

Sydney

NSW

2000

AUSTRALIA

Tel: 28263 6600

Fax: 28263 6633

E-mail: vstorey@ro.com.au

URL: www.rockwellolivier.com.au

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2014 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020140504ea5400001




U.S. stocks rise ahead of consumer confidence data; Dow Jones up 0.48%

504 words
29 April 2014
Investing.com
INVEN
English
Copyright 2014. Fusion Media Limited. All Rights Reserved.      

Investing.com -

Investing.com - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday, as investors eyed the release of upcoming U.S. consumer confidence data, as well as the Federal Reserve's monthly policy statement due on Wednesday.

During early U.S. trade, the Dow 30 gained 0.48%, the S&P 500 climbed 0.45%, while the NASDAQ Composite advanced 0.48%.

Earlier Tuesday, Standard & Poor's with Case-Shiller said its house price index rose at an annualized rate of 12.9% in February from a year earlier, compared to forecasts for a 13% gain and following a rise of 13.2% in January.

Month-on-month, U.S. home prices were little changed in February after dipping 0.1% in the preceding month.

In the telecom sector, mobile-phone carrier AT&T (NYSE:T) jumped 0.97% after saying it is preparing to introduce 4G LTE wireless Internet access to commercial flights.

On the downside, LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD) plummeted 1.27% following reports the company's Chief Executive Officer Jeff Weiner's total compensation rose more than 40-fold to $49.1 million last year.

The news came after the stock dropped over 6% on Monday, amid reports investors are questioning whether Web companies can keep up revenue expansion, as some show signs of slowing gains in the number of users.

Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) added to losses, down 0.12%, as the drugmaker was said to be considering reducing its tax bill by moving its legal address outside the U.S. The U.S. company made headlines last week after confirming its willingness to acquire London-based Astrazeneca (AZN.LONDON) for about £58.8 billion.

In earnings news, Merck & Company (NYSE:MRK) posted quarterly results that exceeded analysts' estimates, but said revenue fell just under expectations. Shares jumped 1.64% at the open of the U.S. trading session.

Sprint (NYSE:S) suged 2.15% after the wireless carrier reported a smaller-than-expected loss in the first quarter.

Other stocks likely to be in focus included Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY) and Dreamworks Animation (NASDAQ:DWA), scheduled to report quarterly results throughout the day.

Across the Atlantic, European stock markets were sharply higher. The DJ Euro Stoxx 50 jumped 1.17%, France's CAC 40 gained 0.64%, Germany's DAX rallied 1.21%, while Britain's FTSE 100 advanced 0.69%.

During the Asian trading session, Hong Kong's Hang Seng jumped 1.45%, while Japan's Nikkei 225 remained closed for a national holiday.

Later in the day, the U.S. was to publish a report compiled by the Conference Board on consumer confidence.

<a href="http://www.Investing.com" rel="nofollow" title="Investing.com">Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.

Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com Stocks & Forex App for Android! 

Document INVEN00020140429ea4t000h2


Metro
Weather to blame for yo-yo water bill \ Meters often not reachable

Evansville Courier & Press;    John Martin, martinj@courierpress.com, 812-464-7594      
504 words
15 April 2014
The Evansville Courier
EVVL
1A
English
Copyright 2014 Scripps Howard Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

If you've noticed a big fluctuation lately in your bill from the Evansville Water & Sewer Utility, you aren't alone. Oppressive winter weather meant utility crews were unable to reach numerous meters and water usage amounts were estimated for those customers, said Allen Mounts, director of the utility. Differences will be applied now that the weather has cleared and crews are able to see the meters again.

"There were literally thousands of meters we couldn't reach," Mounts said. "When the adjustments happened in March and carried into April, it resulted in some having zero usage because we had overestimated from prior billing. That's causing the fluctuation month to month until we get back into actual readings."

The utility often has situations when a meter or transmitter won't function properly due to a mechanical issue, but Mounts said weather has been the main culprit recently in topsy-turvy bill patterns.

Customers have called the utility in recent weeks to complain about being over-billed for water usage. On the Courier & Press Facebook page Monday, several people said the same thing, with bills showing amounts far exceeding the norm.

Some commenters were skeptical that their payments would even out this spring.

Mounts on Monday vowed that they will, and the utility lately has sent some bills that reflect zero water usage.

"It all levels out based on what the actual readings are. It will reduce the amount," he said.

However, even bills with zero water usage carry a charge. Mounts said all utility bills have a fixed charge for the meter and a varying charge based on the amount of water used. That means customers always will have a charge, even if water use is zero.

"It's explainable, but it's not something (customers) would normally think about because we don't carve it out on the bill," Mounts said. "It's not on the bill, and it gets more obvious when people see zero usage."

Mounts said the utility is often asked why readers can't remember where meters are, even when the meters are obscured by snow.

He said there simply are too many of them for a worker to remember the exact location of each one.

Technology the utility is implementing over the next 18 months or so is aimed at improving the meter-reading process. Evansville is replacing all its water meters - about 60,000 - over the next 18 months as part of a contract with Johnson Controls Inc. Those new meters will be read electronically and transmit data in real time.

Mounts said it would take an extreme winter weather event to knock those meters or transmitters offline, and even then, "we wouldn't have to send out another crew. The system will start transmitting again (when the weather clears)."

The new system, Mounts said, "will help tremendously."

Document EVVL000020140416ea4f00003




NH
Local appeals body would be a pricey alternative to OMB; $1.75-million cost would need property tax funding

Bryan Tuckey      
504 words
12 April 2014
The Toronto Star
TOR
ONT
H2
English
Copyright (c) 2014 The Toronto Star      

The Ontario Municipal Board - better known as the OMB - doesn't get enough credit for the key role it plays in the development approval process.

The board provides an impartial, independent tribunal that is responsible for handling appeals of land-use planning disputes. It is removed from local political pressures and renders decisions in the broader public interest based on sound planning principles.

BILD fully supports the role of the board as an evidence-based body. According to the City of Toronto, only 4 per cent of all land-use applications go to the OMB. We believe it does a good job in handling those disputes.

This is an important issue now because the city is considering how to create a local appeal body, with locally appointed officials handling disputes. Our industry feels that shouldn't occur until municipalities have some operational experience.

In a letter to the city, BILD has recommended that it does not proceed with the appeal body because it would cost too much and could involve conflicts of interest.

City staff estimate that creating the appeal panel would cost $1.75 million a year, and that some of the costs would be paid through property taxes. To recover all expenses at this new appeal level under consideration, , it would cost about $6,000 per appeal application. It currently costs $125 to file an appeal to the OMB.

The OMB works - so why try to replace it? This is one of the arguments BILD made in submissions to the province during its public consultations into the Development Charges Act and the Land Use Planning and Appeals System.

So what does this mean for you?

Today, many of the OMB's decisions have resulted in celebrated projects across Toronto. These success stories include the Distillery Historic District, 18 Yorkville, One Bedford and The Kings (King and Parliament, and King and Spadina). Without the OMB, these five developments would not be what they are today. They have contributed to Toronto's profile as a world-class city.

Contrary to the strong media perception that the OMB most often sides with developers, independent research by a leading Canadian expert and author on public policy, Aaron A. Moore, found that the OMB most often favours municipal planners as they are considered to have greater autonomy than their private-sector counterparts.

It is an important planning principle to build complete communities. To do that, a land owner interested in participating has to research and study what the neighbourhood's past, present and future.

But as a model for handling appeals of land-use planning disputes, we think the OMB works just fine.

Bryan Tuckey is president and CEO of the Building Industry and Land Development Association. Follow him at twitter.com/bildgta, facebook.com/bildgta, and bildblogs.ca.

The Distillery Historic District, a project approved by the OMB.    David Cooper/Toronto Star file photo      

Document TOR0000020140412ea4c000eg


Affordable Travel Advice From Around the Web

Cameron Huddleston, Online Editor, Kiplinger.com    
504 words
9 April 2014
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2014 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.    

A look at tips from personal finance bloggers about how to take a vacation without breaking your budget.

I just took a week off but it hardly felt like a vacation because I was at home most of the time with my three children while they were on spring break. Admittedly, I felt a bit jealous every time I logged onto Facebook and saw pictures my friends had posted of their families at the beach. Jacqueline Curtis echoed that sentiment in a recent post on the Money Crashers blog. She wrote that she gets travel envy when she sees a barrage of pictures on social media sites from friends traveling the world. "With two kids and a mortgage, though, dropping everything to jet set around the world just isn't in the cards -- or in our budget," she writes.

If an extravagant trip is out of the question, she writes that you don't have to forgo travel altogether. See her ten affordable travel tips so you can take a vacation within your budget. And check out the money-saving travel tips below from some of our favorite personal finance bloggers:

How to Build a Summer Spending Account [Block Talk]

"If you are fantasizing about lounging by the pool or shipping the kids off to summer camp, remember that those things don't come for free."

How to Start Travel Hacking: Fly for Little or Nothing (Even in First Class) [Money Under 30]

"Four out of 5 people sitting in first class aren't rich, they're smart. Enter the world of travel hacking to score rewards flights and free first-class upgrades on most of your flights. It's all possible. Here's how to start."

Not a Travel Hacker? Vacation Where and When Your Dollar Goes the Furthest [PT Money]

"When I think about traveling overseas without points these days, my more practical side takes over and my thoughts quickly turn to places I know that my US dollar might go a bit further."

How to Find and Book the Best Vacation Rentals [Wise Bread]

"The quality of vacation rentals can vary wildly because there are no professional standards that apply to these properties. But if you're careful, you can improve your chances of having a safe and enjoyable stay."

9 Ways to Vacation for Free (or Nearly So) [SavingAdvice.com]

"These opportunities don't usually advertise themselves, however. They require some work on your part to track down or apply for them."

6 Ways to Cook Food From a Hotel Room [Mint Life]

"Just because you're staying in a hotel doesn't mean you can't finagle a homemade meal or two."

7 Ways to Save Money at the Airport [Brokepedia]

"Airport spending is a quick way to go through a chunk of your travel money. But with a little preparation, you can avoid the crazy prices at the airports."

Copyright 2014 The Kiplinger Washington Editors

Document KPCM000020140410ea4900002


Tax Day Freebies and Deals 2014

David Muhlbaum, Online Editor, Kiplinger.com      
504 words
4 April 2014
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2014 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.      

Look for giveaways and special offers on or around April 15 from several restaurant and retail chains nationwide.

When Tax Day rolls around on April 15, you can find relief from the stress of getting your return in on time by taking advantage of a bunch of freebies and special deals that businesses will be offering on or around the filing deadline.

See Also: Fabulous Freebies

We'll add more of these Tax Day bargains as we find 'em, so be sure to check back. Also note that while many businesses distribute deals via Facebook, you don't have to be signed up to the service to view and download any necessary coupons. The offers are available only on April 15 unless otherwise noted.

Arby's

The fast-food chain is offering a free value size order of curly fries again this year. You'll need a coupon that you can download from arbys.com a few days prior to April 15.

Boston Market

The fast-casual restaurant chain is offering two individual meals, each including a half rotisserie chicken with a choice of two home style sides and freshly baked cornbread, for $10.40 (as in IRS Form 1040). No coupon required. Take your accountant out to lunch?

California Tortilla

Mention the secret password, "taxes shmaxes," when you place your order on Tax Day at the fast-casual Mexican chain and you'll be rewarded with free queso and chips. A purchase is required. The cheese-intolerant can substitute salsa for queso.

Great American Cookie

Get a free chocolate chip cookie from participating Great American Cookies locations; no purchase or proof of filing (or even of an extension) required. First come, first serve.

HydroMassage

HydroMassage is offering a free massage "experience" on its user-controlled massage beds. You have to download this coupon and call ahead for availability; calling ahead isn't required if you use a bed at a Planet Fitness location but there might be a wait. The freebie is good April 14-18.

Office Depot

Office Depot is letting customers shred up to 5 pounds of tax records (or anything else) for free through April 29. You'll need this coupon.

Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt

Customers can fill their cup with froyo and toppings for only $4.15 (as in April 15) via a coupon that will be posted on Orange Leaf's Facebook page. The chain says that amounts to approximately 50 percent off the regular price, depending on how much froyo and toppings a customer typically chooses.

Schlotzky's

If you buy a 32-ounce fountain drink and a bag of chips, the deli-sandwich chain will give you a small "The Original" sandwich for free. No coupon required. In case you're not familiar with the Schlotzky's menu, the sandwich in question consists of ham, two kinds of salami, three types of cheese and an assortment of fixings.

Copyright 2014 The Kiplinger Washington Editors

Document KPCM000020140407ea440000j




New York
Modern Dance Company in Search of a Space to Call Its Own; Hope Greenfield Donates $500,000 to Rioult Dance NY

Melanie Grayce West 
504 words
31 March 2014
08:05 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
WSJ.com
English
Copyright 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Hope Greenfield believes in permanent homes.

With a gift of $500,000, Ms. Greenfield, 62 years old, is helping Rioult Dance NY find a long-term home in New York City. The small, modern dance company is looking for room to grow and to raise its profile among the city's arts enthusiasts.

"We really want to serve the community," said Ms. Greenfield. "And you can't really do it without a home."

A permanent space for the 20-year-old New York-based dance company is important both in terms of identity and building patronage, said Ms. Greenfield, who resides in Califon, N.J. A former managing director at Lehman Brothers, she retired in 2008, the same year she became chairwoman of Rioult's board of directors.

A new home would also allow the company to realize its vision of a companion school for students ranging in age from toddlers to adults. Such an academy would help to foster "both the ability in young dancers and an appreciation of dance for future audiences," said Ms. Greenfield.

Rioult Dance NY presents the works of French dancer and choreographer Pascal Rioult. The company started in the apartment of Mr. Rioult and his wife, Joyce Herring, the company's associate artistic director. Both are former members of the Martha Graham Dance Company.

The Rioult company operates on about $1 million annually. Currently, it practices "all over," said Ms. Greenfield. "We're nomads."

The company was close to signing on a space a few months ago, but the deal fell through. An ideal space includes room for open rehearsals so that patrons can sit in and see works as they are developed, something Ms. Greenfield said she enjoys.

Ms. Greenfield first became interested in Mr. Rioult's work after seeing a performance in the late 1990s. She loved the unique choreography and the use of music. The intimacy of the performances also hooked Ms. Greenfield. She joined the organization's board in 2003.

The gift of $500,000 brings Ms. Greenfield's giving to the group since 2005 to almost $1 million. Her donations channel through the Gordon and Harriet Greenfield Foundation, a family foundation started by Ms. Greenfield's parents, who both died in 2005.

Ms. Greenfield's parents enjoyed music and were significant benefactors to the Manhattan School of Music, where a hall is named for the couple. The late Mr. Greenfield, an entrepreneur, was in the teleprompter business. Ms. Greenfield said she spent a summer during college typing daytime soap-opera scripts for her dad's business.

The most recent gift to Rioult, along with a $225,000 gift to the Manhattan School of Music, helped to liquidate the assets from the foundation, which is now closed. Ms. Greenfield and her brother decided to dissolve it as a way to make "meaningful" contributions to several organizations, she said.

Document WSJO000020140331ea3u00068


News
Home inspections offer unbiased report of property

JEFFREY REED, SPECIAL TO THE LONDONER      
504 words
20 March 2014
The Londoner
TLNDNR
Final
38
English
2014 Sun Media Corporation      

With the spring real estate market on our doorstep, and a home purchase representing the biggest investment most of us will make during our lifetime, it's important to obtain a home inspection as part of the buy-sell process. Whether you are a seller, a buyer or a real estate agent, enlisting the services of a qualified home inspector is imperative to a solid transaction.

Yet according to Rob Parker, a Londonbased Registered Home Inspector (RHI) with the Ontario Association of Home Inspectors (OAHI), less than half of those involved in buying and selling a home hire a home inspector.

Parker, also a member of the American Association of Home Inspectors (ASHI), and a Certified Master Inspector (CMI), said while it is important to involve a home inspector when a home changes hands, it is even more important that you hire a properly trained home inspector.

"The best route to take is to visit the OAHI website (which lists) registered home inspectors," said Parker. "You have to do 250 inspections, and have your reports checked, to become a RHI."

Parker said currently, there is no law against anyone setting up shop as a home inspector. And while Ontario Bill PR158 was passed in 1994, giving the OAHI the right to set educational requirements and standards of practice, it cannot stop anyone from advertising themselves as a home inspector, even if they have no related education or professional experience.

The Ontario Ministry of Consumer Services, through a panel of industry experts, has produced a new report entitled, A Closer Look: Qualifying Ontario's Home Inspectors. It identifies five crucial elements aimed at bettering the home inspection industry, while concurrently protecting the home buyer. The report recommends the implementation of uniform qualifications and standards, as well as mandatory insurance cover-a ge for all Ontario-based home inspectors.

Regulation of and technical standards for home inspectors, professional home inspector qualifications, consumer protection requirements plus regulatory governance for the province's home inspection industry are all identified as key areas needed to better the climate of home inspections in Ontario.

However, Parker said the panel has suggested that "no specific mandatory requirements to become a licensed home inspector should be required."

The ministry will collect public comments on the recommendations until January 27, 2015.

Parker said there are a myriad of advantages to the seller, home buyer and real estate agent when enlisting a qualified home inspector. For example, a seller can be made aware of problems ahead of time, allowing the seller time to repair a home and shop for competitive contractors. As well, a home buyer may benefit when it comes to acquiring financing. In addition, a real estate agent benefits from a third-party, unbiased report which can be made available to potential buyers.

Parker said caveat emptor: always hire a home inspector who carries Errors and Omissions insurance. After all, even a home inspector can make a mistake.

Document TLNDNR0020140320ea3k0000r




UK Budget 2014: a watershed moment for pensions and savings

By Ros Altmann      
504 words
20 March 2014
02:44 AM
Financial Times (FT.Com)
FTCOM
English
Copyright 2014 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

This is a win-win Budget for savings, pensions and the economy. The breathtaking announcement of vastly improved flexibility and tax breaks for those who set money aside for their future is a clear statement of political intent. The message is that the government does believe in the value of saving and wants to trust people who have put money into pensions to manage their money for themselves in retirement, with far fewer rules and restrictions.

When it comes to Isas, people will be allowed - at long last - to choose how much to save in cash and how much to put into stocks and shares, or even peer-to-peer lending. They will be able to switch freely between assets as suits them best.

And as for pensions, from now on we will no longer have the most inflexible pension system in the world. ?The beauty of the additional freedoms to take more money out of accumulated pension funds as cash is that it will not only be popular with the public, it will also bring in extra tax revenue in the near term.

Current restrictions usually lead to people with smaller pension funds buying poor-value annuities. But George Osborne, the chancellor of the exchequer, will now allow anyone with less than £30,000 worth of total pension savings to take the money in cash (up from the current £18,000 limit); while the restriction that allows only two small pension pots of up to £2,000 each to be taken as cash is to be turned into an allowance of up to three funds of less than £10,000 each to be cashed in - and still a quarter can be taken tax free.

Those who might still want to buy an annuity - and there will be some who wish to - will receive face-to-face advice to help them understand the risks before making an irreversible purchase?. This will shock annuity companies but they have only themselves to blame. Following the review by the Financial Conduct Authority, the City watchdog, I suspect that there have been fears over a new mis-selling scandal - of which I have long warned - as millions of pensioners buy poor-value annuities without receiving any risk warnings.

And even flexible drawdown is becoming more flexible. Those who do not want to buy annuities and put money into drawdown will need only £12,000 of pension income, rather than £20,000, to be allowed unrestricted access to their funds.

Then, next year, the punitive ?55 per cent tax rate will go and there will be even more flexibility.

The verdict on this Budget is that it marks a watershed moment for savings and pensions in the UK but we must be careful that industry lobbying does not undo the good intentions. Tories will love it and - oh, yes - there's an election coming up.

The writer is a former adviser to the Treasury on pensions

Document FTCOM00020140319ea3j004bl




MONEY
5 tips for boosting savings

Nanci Hellmich      
Nanci Hellmich, USA TODAY
504 words
19 March 2014
USA Today (Newspaper)
USAT
FINAL
B.2
English
© 2014 USA Today.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.      All Rights Reserved.      

If you are woefully behind on saving for retirement, then try to delay gratification on purchases, save your raises and pay off credit cards, financial experts say.

A national survey released Tuesday shows that about 36% of workers have less than $1,000 in savings and investments that could be used for retirement, not counting their primary residence or defined-benefit plans such as traditional pensions.

Many retirees are also short on funds, with 29% having less than $1,000 in savings and investments, according to a telephone survey of 1,000 workers and 501 retirees from the non-profit Employee Benefit Research Institute and Greenwald and Associates.

USA TODAY asked experts for their five top tips to boost savings:

Delay gratification. Don't buy everything you see, says Gary Schatsky, a New York City financial planner and president of ObjectiveAdvice.com. People have to take stock of their needs vs. wants. "Needs must be met. Wants can be delayed. One of the things you need is a good retirement plan, some savings for emergencies and a plan for the future." You have to make a list of what you need and want, he says. "You can enjoy lattes, dinners out and vacations as long as you are saving. You have to decide what's important to you and start saying no to the things that are not."

Save 10% to 15% of your annual income. "While that may seem like a daunting amount, if you set it up early, you can learn to live on the amount that's left," says Fidelity Investments EVP John Sweeney. "We recommend putting 10% to 15% right into retirement accounts, because a lot of our retirement savings is going to be up to us."

By investing in a 401(k) or 403(b), or an Individual Retirement Account (IRA), you can reduce your taxable income, he says. "You are saving money because you are paying taxes on the lower income level."

Take advantage of matching contributions. If your employer offers matching contributions in your savings plan, take it, Sweeney says.

Save your raise. "If you get a raise, bank it," Sweeney says. Consider investing all or a portion of your raises each year, he says. You can do the same with bonuses or tax refunds.

Pay off high-interest-rate credit card debt. If you are paying 18% interest on credit card debt, "that's eating a hole in your pocket," Sweeney says. It's important to pay it off, if you can, or the second choice is to think about ways to reduce the interest payment, such as getting a home-equity loan at a lower rate.

Another option is to continue working during your retirement years, says Nick Ventura, CEO of Ventura Wealth Management in Ewing, N.J. "Many part-time jobs exist in retail, health care and other businesses. Helping people and bringing life experience to these jobs can be very rewarding."

Document USAT000020140319ea3j0000e




HS - Personal Finance
Osborne urged to maintain savings confidence in Budget announcement

simon bain    
504 words
15 March 2014
The Herald
GH
1
21
English
© 2014, Herald & Times Group    

Chancellor George Osborne may not be plotting any giveaways in next week's Budget but he is being urged to maintain confidence in savings.

The Building Societies Association wants a First ISA scheme, with the government chipping in a first-year incentive. If the government paid 20p per £1 saved up to a cap of £100 per saver, it would the cost the Treasury a paltry £70m, falling to £35m a year, but would create half a million new savers in the first year and then 140,000 every year, the BSA claims.

ISA providers report to the taxman the National Insurance number and account details for each saver holding an ISA every year, so HMRC could identify first-time savers.

The BSA also wants rules simplified to make it easier for low-income savers to get a 10p savings tax refund, and for non-taxpayers to register for gross interest. Building societies are also repeating their past call for an increase in the subscription limit on cash ISAs to equal that of stocks and shares ISAs, and for unlimited transfers in either direction.

The BSA's chief executive, Robin Fieth, said: "Savers know the ISA brand so it makes sense for it to be used for a scheme which aims to grow the number of consumers who have some kind of savings buffer. Clearly, no single scheme is capable of fixing the UK savings culture, but it's a step in the right direction."

Nationwide backs those measures, and also wants a more generous ISA limit for first-time homebuyers who saving in a dedicated ISA towards a deposit.

The society also suggests stamp duty should be tiered, not imposed in a slab, to "overcome the current distortions created in the housing market".

The Chancellor may offer some consolation to low income savers by allowing small pension pots, perhaps up to £40,000, to be refunded in cash rather than used to buy a tiny annuity. It could benefit 150,000 people a year.

Tom McPhail at Hargreaves Lansdown says: "Reforming the small pots rule will help to unlock improvements right across the pension system. Small investors will get their money back, insurers will be able to sell better value annuities to large customers, and it will help to minimise auto-enrolment opt-outs."

Hargreaves also suggests a Long Term Care ISA, which could be passed on to dependants if not needed to fund nursing.

Meanwhile, the 40p tax rate is now catching one million more people than it did three years ago, according to the Institute of Fiscal Studies.

The rate will kick in at £31,866 in 2014-5.

Ronnie Ludwig, tax expert at Saffery Champness in Edinburgh, says: "Although pulling more people into higher tax is the Chancellor's way of paying for the increase in the personal allowance, he may feel that with the next election looming, now is the time to ease the burden."

Document GH00000020140315ea3f0004m




Financial Post Investing
How to play the U.S. weather rebound

John Shmuel      
National Post
504 words
13 March 2014
National Post
FINP
National
FP7
English
(c) 2014 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

Investors should get ready for spring economic surprises as the United States thaws out from an unusually long and harsh winter, says CIBC World Markets.

Recent data from the U.S. have been surprisingly weak and many economists have rushed to blame a spate of winter storms in the fourth quarter of 2013 and first quarter of 2014 as the culprit. Andrew Grantham, CIBC World Markets economist, said investors should prepare their portfolios for what could be a strong rebound from the winter weakness over the next few months.

"While we're far from the first to blame the weather for Q1 weakness, our results point to a much more decisive rebound than the market has priced in," he said in a note to clients. "As more seasonal temperatures (hopefully!) return in Q2, and the economy catches up with postponed activity, the data flow will strengthen and second quarter growth could easily surpass consensus expectations." In particular, Mr. Grantham believes a strong winter rebound will reverse the recent bond rally and support a stronger U.S. dollar. U.S. Treasury yields have recently fallen to 2.6% from 3% at the end of 2013 as investors rushed back to safety following dismal job data and retail sales in the U.S. "If bad weather has driven almost the entire slowdown in Q1 GDP, it shouldn't be long until warmer data rolls in and the 10-year yield and U.S. dollar are back to at least where they were [early this year], if not higher," he said.

If winter weather is to blame for the recent weakness, consumer-related equities are another area economists have suggested could rebound this spring. Mr. Grantham notes some of that expectation has already been priced in, though consumer staples appear to have been overlooked.

"Much of that already appears to be baked into analysts' earnings expectations, with earnings per share estimates for discretionary consumer goods companies much higher in the coming quarter, even compared with two quarters ago," he said. "Against less rosy earnings expectations, consumer staples could offer more upside, as even in this area some purchases may have been postponed."

There is the possibility, of course, that some of the weakness in the past two quarters is more than just bad weather. Some economists have suggested the large amount of inventory built up in the second half of 2013 could also explain the weakness. Mr. Grantham agrees, but suggests investors should not lose too much sleep over it.

"Even though stock-building won't be as strong going forwards, there is little reason to expect aggressive de-stocking as inventory-to-sales ratios are no higher in most areas than they were a year ago," he said.

Paul Sancya, The Associated Press / Old Man Winter blamed for recent economic weakness.; Paul Sancya, The Associated Press / Old Man Winter blamed for recent economic weakness. [NTNP_20140313_National_FP7_02_I001.jpg];      

Document FINP000020140313ea3d0004t




Business
Perpetual push to lift super contributions

Michael Smith      
504 words
12 March 2014
The Age
AGEE
First
37
English
© 2014 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited.      www.theage.com.au

Investment - Retirement savings call

Perpetual chief executive Geoff Lloyd has backed raising compulsory superannuation contributions to 15 per cent, saying the federal government's financial services inquiry should consider it.

Mr Lloyd said existing moves to lift the super guarantee from 9 per cent to 12 per cent in 2021 were important, but the Murray inquiry should look beyond that and find ways to encourage young people to think about pension planning earlier.

"I'd like to think it can get to 15 per cent. Our politicians are getting 15, so why isn't that good enough for everyone in Australia," Mr Lloyd told Fairfax Media on the sidelines of Citi's Australian Investment Conference in London.

While he acknowledged raising contributions to 15 per cent would not happen soon, more radical measures needed to be considered as part of the inquiry. Younger Australians also needed to start thinking about their superannuation earlier.

"I personally would hope we get a chance to revisit the fundamentals of how we help Australians to re-engage in their super and get kids to start to think about it in high school so they take more ownership of it earlier," Mr Lloyd said.

"I hate to think that Australians are all in default funds. We have an obligation to help the kids of Australia plan for and live well in their retirement. We still have a large and growing retirement savings gap.

Australia's $1.7 trillion superannuation industry is expected to be a key focus of the inquiry, led by former Commonwealth Bank of Australia chief executive David Murray.

Mr Lloyd, who runs one of the country's biggest fund managers, has argued the inquiry should reduce the complexity of the compulsory retirement savings system.

The focus on self-managed super funds to invest in property was creating unsustainable prices and should also be examined by the inquiry, he said. This should also include examining the role of regulators and self-managed super funds to ensure investors were protected.

Australia's compulsory retirement system is a hot topic for investors at the Citi conference, where 24 chief executives are meeting European fund managers responsible for several trillion dollars in assets. Mr Lloyd told investors the company's $50 million cost saving program was on track as it worked to simplify its business.

Perpetual won a three-way bidding war for The Trust Company last year and is in the throes of integrating into its business the financial services company, which provides trustee services to clients. Mr Lloyd said $15 million targeted annual savings from removing duplication would come from cutting staff numbers, integrating IT and property.

"We want to accelerate the growth they have got there [Singapore] in their current plan and then see what corporate trust products we have in Australia that might be useful to take up to the region, including securitisation, for instance."

Michael Smith travelled to London courtesy of Citi.

Document AGEE000020140311ea3c0004m




Millennium Trust Company Expands Sales Force to Service Growth

504 words
27 February 2014
01:53 AM
PR Newswire (U.S.)
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2014    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved.      


New Hires Address New Business Opportunities and Current Relationships 
 

OAK BROOK, Ill., Feb. 26, 2014 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- Millennium Trust Company, an expert in the custody of alternative assets and private funds as well as IRA rollover accounts for retirement plans, today announced a number of key hires as part of their continuing growth strategy.

(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140226/MN71556)

Alternative Solutions Group

David Braga, Vice President, Alternative Solutions Group is responsible for relationship management for the Western Region with an emphasis on further developing existing relationships. Mr. Braga brings 15 years of experience in financial management, compliance and business development. He is a public speaker on a host of topics including tax-deferred investment strategies and retirement plan investing.

Chris Boyce, Vice President, Alternative Solutions Group is responsible for relationship management in the Midwest Region. With over 17 years of experience in the financial services industry, Mr. Boyce will focus on enhancing existing relationships, as well as new business development.

"The addition of David and Chris enables us to strengthen our current relationships and develop new business," said Reggie Karas, Millennium Trust SVP and managing director of the Alternative Solutions Group, "With interest in alternatives gaining momentum from both retail and institutional investors, having the right people in place to meet the demand is critical."

Rollover Solutions Group

Mark Koeppen, Vice President, Rollover Solutions Group will focus on corporate and government automatic rollover solutions. Mr. Koeppen has over 20 years of financial industry experience in sales and administrative management at the national and multi-state level.

David Turner, Vice President, Rollover Solutions Group will focus on sales and business development with TPAs, recordkeepers, financial advisors, employee benefit attorneys and other intermediaries. As a career retirement plan professional, Mr. Turner brings 25 years of industry experience in the areas of ERISA compliance, consulting, investment management sales, and participant education.

"The automatic rollover space has grown substantially in recent years and we enjoyed another record year in 2013," said Terry Dunne, Millennium Trust SVP and managing director of the Rollover Solutions Group. "With Mark and David joining the two institutional client service specialists we added last year, we can continue to build and strengthen relationships with our large network of recordkeepers, TPAs and Plan Sponsors.

About Millennium Trust Company

Millennium Trust Company is a leading financial services company offering niche alternative custody solutions to institutions, advisors and individuals. We serve as a complement to services offered by other custodians. Our innovative solutions include rollover solutions, alternative asset custody, private fund custody and advisor support solutions. Millennium Trust performs the duties of a directed custodian and, as such, does not perform due diligence on prospective investments, sponsors or service providers and does not sell investments or provide investment, tax or legal advice.

Media Contact: Leslie Swid, Impact Communications, 913-649-5009, leslieswid@impactcommunications.org

News distributed by PR Newswire iReach: https://ireach.prnewswire.com

SOURCE Millennium Trust Company

Web site: http://www.mtrustcompany.com

Document PRN0000020140226ea2q000di




Business
Five money talks

Melissa Leong      
Financial Post,
504 words
15 February 2014
Windsor Star
WINSTR
Early
A15
English
Copyright © 2014 Windsor Star      

To have with the family

For some provinces, Monday is Family Day. It's the perfect opportunity to spend quality time with your loved ones and then talk to them about estate planning and debt. We asked Robert Kerr, founder of Kerr Financial Group and his daughter, Krista, who is the company's CEO, to identify five money topics to discuss with the family.

1 Broach the subject of estate planning with your parents. This is often not the easiest conversation to have. "You don't want to seem like you're interfering in your parents affairs," Ms. Kerr says. "You don't want to seem like you're counting their money and you also don't want to think about the scary idea that they might not be around." She suggests that you be upfront about your fears and start with questions such as: Do you have a will? Do you have a financial advisor that you are speaking to? "Sometimes, it's your own fear about talking about these matters more than it is the father or mother's fear," Mr. Kerr says.

2 Talk to your adult kids about your estate plans.

Assure your children that you've made some preparations and explain your choices. Tell them about your charitable bequeaths. "There have been a number of cases in estate planning where children have upset by the fact that they didn't know that charitable gifts were being made," Ms. Kerr says. "If there are trusts, help the children understand why they're in place and it's not that you don't trust them with the spending necessarily."

3 Raise the issue of capacity. Have your loved ones ever given thought to what will happen if they ever become physically or mentally disabled and are not able to make medical or financial decisions? "[Ask them:] do you have powers of attorney in place? If something happens and it's hard for you to take care of yourself, what is quality of life to you? They're important conversations to have and they're easier to have before you're in a crisis," Ms. Kerr says.

4 Discuss debt. "If you have a child or a family member or a sibling in [financial] trouble, the instinct is to help them pay things off," Ms. Kerr says. "That can be problematic. Sometimes you can enable the problem if you just keep giving money; but if you try to preach to them ... that can be very difficult too." Try not to be judgmental and tell your loved one that your intention is to help them.

5 Talk about your money values. How have you dealt with money in your past? "There's a lot of history that doesn't get passed on to children," Mr. Kerr says. "You are passing along values that people can think about and they don't feel like they're being preached to - they're just hearing a good story."

Document WINSTR0020140215ea2f0000c




Top Stories
Fidelity's Profit Up 13% As Outflows Decline

By JOE LIGHT    
504 words
13 February 2014
04:22 AM
Dow Jones Top Global Market Stories
DJTGMS
English
Copyright © 2014 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.    

Fidelity Investments, the Boston-based asset manager and discount brokerage, said the operating income of its financial services business rose 13% to $2.6 billion, though investors continued to pull money from the company's stock and bond mutual funds.

Investors pulled a net $7.8 billion from Fidelity's stock products in 2013, even as the rest of the industry saw substantial inflows into such funds. Last year, U.S. stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds overall garnered more than $172 billion from investors, according to research firm Lipper Inc. In 2012, Fidelity's stock products saw withdrawals of $32.4 billion.

Fidelity, which mostly owns funds run by active managers, has struggled to keep assets as investors move to lower-cost passively managed index funds and exchange traded funds. Fidelity was once the country's largest mutual fund manager but in 2010 fell behind Malvern, Pa.-based Vanguard Group.

Fidelity in January said asset management chief Ron O'Hanley would step down at the end of February, a move that some analysts said wasn't surprising. Fidelity president Abigail Johnson is expected to eventually succeed her father, Fidelity Chairman Edward C. "Ned" Johnson III.

Fidelity's bond products, a bright spot in 2012 with $16.3 billion in inflows, saw outflows of about $19.6 billion. Fidelity attributed the reversal to investors anticipating the end of Federal Reserve stimulus programs and an increase in interest rates.

The company's managed account offerings garnered inflows of $17.7 billion, while its managed asset allocation strategies attracted $9.2 billion in customer money.

Fidelity's total customer assets under management ended 2013 at $1.94 trillion, up 15% from the end of 2012, in part from substantial stock market gains.

Fidelity spokesman Vincent Loporchio said Fidelity is best known for expertise in investment management, but the company has grown to become "much more than a mutual fund company." Fidelity's total assets under administration, which includes managed products, brokerage accounts and other money invested through Fidelity platforms, ended the year up 19% at $4.6 trillion.

Fidelity's outflows came despite good performance from many of its actively managed funds. Fidelity's stock funds beat about 68% of their peers in 2013, versus 74% during the prior year. Its investment-grade bond funds beat 62% of their peers in 2013, compared with 42% in 2012.

Among Fidelity's rivals, Vanguard in 2013 saw an estimated $74.6 billion of inflows into its mutual funds, according to research firm Morningstar, while BlackRock Inc. saw inflows of $11.2 billion. Pacific Investment Management Co. saw outflows of $30.4 billion, propelled by $40.4 billion in withdrawals from the company's flagship Pimco Total Return mutual fund.

Vanguard also led the way in gathering exchange-traded fund assets, accumulating $55.1 billion in 2013. BlackRock's iShares ETFs gathered $40.8 billion.

Write to Joe Light at joe.light@wsj.com

Document DJTGMS1120140212ea2c0007p




Money
Technology can deliver big returns

Richard Hemming      
504 words
12 February 2014
The Age
AGEE
First
7
English
© 2014 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited.      www.theage.com.au

Under the radar

Small caps are all about leverage. When you are small, you get a bigger bang for your buck, and nowhere is this more the case than in technology.

Just look at the 163 per cent growth in first half net profit of Objective Corp, announced in late January. This company has a market cap of $56 million, yet it is winning contracts with big corporations and governments. It builds software that helps the Australian Government track documents, ensuring that emails go to the right person.

Software is sexy from an investment perspective because for very little cost, you can get access to billions of people. One of Radar's favourites, eServGlobal, has more than tripled since we first tipped it in 2012, and much of this is based on the potential of its HomeSend technology, which allows the diaspora of the world to send money back to their homes via their mobile phones. This business isn't even profitable yet!

eServ is one of a number of software developments centred around mobile payments companies. Many of these stocks are hot property as investors see the use of smart phones and tablets grow.

But there is also a great deal of risk in software developers of all types. The reality is that many will fail because of the big initial spend on research and development and the uncertainty over whether people will pay for it.

It is not just the small companies where there is risk. Xero has had massive success with its online offering of accounting software. It has a market cap close to $5 billion, but it is a number of years away from making a profit.

"Xero is in a customer grab at the moment and because capital markets open, it's not worried about raising money to fund [these losses], but ultimately you have to generate capital internally to have a sustainable business," says Nick Harris, the technology analyst at Morgans Stockbroking.

A safer bet could be the IT services sector, which is the sector's biggest contributor to the ASX by market capitalisation (outside of telecommunications).

Their business model is to have an army of contractors who charge hourly rates and do project-related work. These companies make platforms like Microsoft and Salesforce talk to each other.

After fast growth in the late 1990s and early 2000s, the sector has stuttered as companies reduce their spending on IT. Traditionally IT spending increases at about 5 per cent a year, but in the past five years in the wake of the financial crisis, this has reduced to 2 per cent.

Harris believes that spending on the sector will increase from its historic lows and consequently advocates buying SMS Technology UXC and Oakton.

Whether or not you decide to invest in IT, there is no doubt the sector has a massive impact on your life.

Richard Hemming edits the fortnightly newsletter Under the Radar Report: Small Caps.

Document AGEE000020140211ea2c0005u




Capital Square Realty Advisors Completes DST Investment Offering in Tampa, Florida

504 words
11 February 2014
01:00 AM
GlobeNewswire
PZON
English
© Copyright 2014 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Capital Square Realty Advisors Completes DST Investment Offering in Tampa, Florida

RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 10, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Capital Square Realty Advisors, LLC announced today that its Delaware Statutory Trust investment offering of Bridgeview Apartments, a 348-unit, garden-style multifamily community in Tampa, Fla., has been fully subscribed by investors.

Bridgeview consists of 17 wood-framed and stucco residential buildings ranging from two to three stories and features a recently renovated clubhouse that includes a modern business center, resort-style pool, playground, fitness center and tennis and racquetball courts. The property is nestled within a serene two-acre park-like setting with three onsite lakes, strategically located in a prime infill location within Tampa's thriving metropolitan statistical area.

"Bridgeview is a well-located community in a sought-after neighborhood in Tampa, and offers residents premium amenities with easy access to the major employment centers in the market," said Yogi Singh, vice president of acquisitions with Capital Square Realty Advisors.

"We are pleased this multifamily DST investment property is fully subscribed and look forward to providing additional investors with the opportunity to benefit from ownership of quality multifamily real estate, " said Louis Rogers, founder and chief executive officer of Capital Square Realty Advisors.

Rogers added, "Most DST investors are seeking replacement property for a Section 1031 exchange to defer federal and state income taxes otherwise due on the sale of their investment property. A growing number of Section 1031 exchange investors are finding that DST replacement property solves many technical Section 1031 tax requirements, including identification of replacement property and debt replacement, along with simplifying the due diligence and closing process. It is interesting to note that, while most DST investors are seeking replacement property for an exchange, a growing number are investing discretionary (non-1031) funds in DST investments for stable cash flow and safety of principal, along with the future ability to exchange out of DST investments in a tax-deferred manner under Section 1031 when the DST property is sold. DST investments have become a solution to the problems frequently encountered by Section 1031 exchange investors."

About Capital Square Realty Advisors LLC

Capital Square Realty Advisors, LLC specializes in the creation and management of commercial real estate investment programs for Section 1031 exchange investors and cash (non-1031) investors using the Delaware Statutory Trust structure. Louis J. Rogers, founder and chief executive officer of Capital Square Realty Advisors, has been involved in the creation and management of more than 100 investment offerings totaling over $3 billion, including DST, tenant-in-common, numerous real estate funds, and multiple publicly registered non-traded real estate investment trusts. Capital Square's DST interests are sold by independent broker-dealers and registered investment advisors across the nation. Acquisition, disposition, property, asset management and capital markets services are provided by Capital Square Management, LLC.


CONTACT: Jill Swartz 
         Spotlight Marketing Communications 
         949.427.5172, ext. 701 - office 
         949.485.1552 - cell 
         jill@spotlightmarcom.com 

Document PZON000020140210ea2a0002g




Press Release: IGM Financial Inc. Announces January 2014 Total Assets Under Management

504 words
5 February 2014
05:35 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2014, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.    

IGM Financial Inc. Announces January 2014 Total Assets Under Management

WINNIPEG, MANITOBA--(Marketwired - Feb. 4, 2014) - IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) (TSX:IGM) today reported preliminary total assets under management of $132.3-billion at January 31, 2014, compared with $131.8-billion at December 31, 2013 and $123.4-billion at January 31, 2013. Mutual fund assets under management were $117.9-billion as at January 31, 2014, compared with $117.6-billion at December 31, 2013 and $106.2-billion at January 31, 2013. Assets under management are shown in Table 1. 


 
 
Table 1- Assets under 
Management(1)            January  December  January  % Change  % Change 
($ billions) 
(unaudited)               2014      2013     2013      Last      YOY 
                         -------  --------  -------  --------  -------- 
 
Total Assets under 
 Management              $132.27   $131.78  $123.35       0.4       7.2 
                         -------  --------  -------  --------  -------- 
Mutual Fund Assets 
 under Management        $117.88   $117.65  $106.24       0.2      11.0 
                         -------  --------  -------  --------  -------- 
 
 Investors Group 
  Mutual Funds            $68.23    $68.25   $61.88         -      10.3 
                         -------  --------  -------  --------  -------- 
 Mackenzie 
  Mutual Funds            $46.25    $46.02   $41.39       0.5      11.7 
  Sub-advisory, 
   institutional and 
   other                  $19.60    $19.29   $21.50       1.6      (8.8) 
                         -------  --------  -------  --------  -------- 
  Total                   $65.85    $65.31   $62.89       0.8       4.7 
                         -------  --------  -------  --------  -------- 
 Counsel 
  Mutual Funds             $3.44     $3.41    $3.00       0.9      14.7 
                         -------  --------  -------  --------  -------- 
 

Preliminary average mutual fund assets under management and average total assets under management for the quarter to date are set out in Table 2. 


 
Table 2 - Average Assets under Management(2,3) 
($ billions) (unaudited)                           Quarter to Date 
                                                   --------------- 
Total Average Assets under Management                      $132.54 
                                                   --------------- 
Mutual Fund Average Assets under Management                $118.28 
                                                   --------------- 
 
 Investors Group 
  Mutual Funds                                              $68.55 
                                                   --------------- 
 Mackenzie 
  Mutual Funds                                              $46.37 
  Sub-advisory, institutional and other                     $19.45 
                                                   --------------- 
  Total                                                     $65.82 
                                                   --------------- 
 Counsel 
  Mutual Funds                                               $3.40 
                                                   --------------- 
 
 
(1)  excludes assets managed by Mackenzie on behalf of 
      Investors Group and Investment Planning Counsel. These 
      assets have a value of $5.3-billion at January 31, 
      2014 ($5.2-billion at December 31, 2013 and $4.4-billion 
      at January 31, 2013) 
(2)  excludes average assets of $5.2-billion managed by 
      Mackenzie on behalf of Investors Group and Investment 
      Planning Counsel. 
(3)  based on daily average mutual fund assets and month-end 
      average private, institutional, sub-advisory and other 
      assets. 
 

IGM Financial Inc. is one of Canada's premier personal financial services companies, and one of the country's largest managers and distributors of mutual funds and other managed asset products, with over $132 billion in total assets under management. Its activities are carried out principally through Investors Group through a network of over 4,600 Consultants, Mackenzie Financial Corporation through a diversified network of third-party financial advisors and Investment Planning Counsel through a network of financial planners who are dedicated to serving the needs of their clients. IGM Financial Inc. is a member of the Power Financial Corporation group of companies.

Ron Arnst

Media Relations

(204) 956-3364

ron.arnst@igmfinancial.com

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

February 04, 2014 13:35 ET (18:35 GMT)

Document DJDN000020140204ea2400311




NEWS
Solar panels better than a pension, says minister; Energy minister says those approaching retirement should consider putting some of their savings into solar panels because they would deliver a better financial return than a pension

By James Kirkup      
504 words
5 February 2014
03:49 AM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2014. Telegraph Media Group Ltd.      

Installing solar panels on household roofs is a better investment than a pension, a minister has said.

Greg Barker, the energy minister, said that anyone approaching retirement should consider putting some of their savings into solar panels because they would deliver a better financial return than a pension.

Mr Barker disclosed that 500,000 British homes have installed solar panels, which allow users to generate their own electricity and sell any excess power to energy firms.

Installing panels can cost several thousand pounds, but savings on bills and the ability to sell excess power mean households can turn a profit over time.

To encourage domestic solar power, the Government offers to guarantee the price at which users can sell their excess electricity. The guaranteed price was cut in 2012, but the Government continues to provide a subsidy.

Prices for solar panels have fallen sharply in recent years. According to the Department of Energy and Climate Change, the typical domestic installation costs around £4,500, compared with £13,000 in 2010.

That means that typical rates of return on domestic solar panels are between 5 per cent and 8 per cent a year, government figures show.

Mr Barker said that makes solar power a better investment than some pensions. Many pensioners buy a retirement income by investing in an annuity, a contract guaranteeing them an annual income for life.

Returns on annuities have fallen in recent years, and typical products deliver an income of around £6,000 for every £100,000 of pension savings.

Mr Barker said that those planning for retirement should think about putting some money into solar panels instead of a traditional pension.

"Solar is a really attractive financial proposition," the minister told The Daily Telegraph. "You get a guaranteed tariff for 20 years and if your panel is well-sited, it could yield 8 per cent or more. That is more than an annuity, particularly if you are in your 50s or early 60s."

He added: "Anyone considering retiring should seriously consider whether solar panels are right for them, because in some circumstances, they will get a higher return than from putting the money into an annuity."

The minister's financial argument is part of an attempt to improve the image of renewable energy sources, which are unpopular with some voters and many Conservative MPs.

Official figures showed last month that 499,687 domestic solar schemes had been installed, Mr Barker said the total has since passed 500,000.

- For those who have already saved:  Six funds to pick for retirement income 

- For those who want to start saving: How to retire early on a DIY pension 

- For fund and share tips: enter your email for our weekly newsletter 

Use our free Annuity Calculator to discover how much income you could receive.

Document TELUK00020140204ea24004xv




Retailing
John Lewis takes shine off its gold-plated pension

Miles Costello      
504 words
31 January 2014
11:01 AM
thetimes.co.uk
TIMEUK
English
© 2014 Times Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved      

John Lewis has set out controversial plans to water down its £3 billion pension fund in a move that means tens of thousands of staff will lose out on their gold plated retirement benefits.

The owner of the department store chain and Waitrose said yesterday that it was making proposals including that staff gain retirement payouts at a lower rate than in the past.

At the moment new company joiners work for three years before being enrolled in John Lewis's final salary scheme but in future that will be extended to five years, it said. An accompanying, and less generous, defined contribution scheme will continue for the rest of their career at the group, rather than ending when they switch schemes, John Lewis said yesterday.

It is thought this is to help make up for some of the expected shortfall from other changes.

At the same time, the final salary scheme will begin paying out only when staff reach the official state pension age, which is being extended in stages, rather than at 65, the age at which staff can stop work at present.

In addition, future pension increases will be linked to changes in consumer price inflation, capped at 2.5 per cent, rather than the retail price index, in a tweak that is increasingly conventional but tends to reduce the size of rises.

John Lewis, which has been consulting staff on pensions since March, said yesterday that the sweeping changes were intended to protect the future of the scheme, which was labouring under a deficit of £840 million at the last count.

John Lewis's pension scheme is one of the most generous in the workplace as staff do not have to make a contribution from their monthly earnings. The partnership, which is owned by its 85,500-strong workforce, is also increasingly rare in providing a final salary scheme, which links retirement earnings to workers' pay at the time they leave work.

Companies have increasingly found final salary schemes unaffordable as staff live on longer after they retire and pension fund investments are ravaged by volatile stock markets.

John Lewis still has to finalise the precise rate at which staff will accrue benefits, and the proposals will be subject to a vote by its Partnership Council later this year.

However, while the planned changes are bound to raise hackles among its workforce, some pension experts argued yesterday that John Lewis's pension scheme was still unsustainable.

John Ralfe, an independent pensions consultant said: "What they have done today does not go anything like far enough and we will see them having to revisit the pensions issue in the next few years."

He added that John Lewis's ownership structure means it is politically difficult to dilute staff benefits because they own the company and have a say in its running.

The scheme has more than 110,000 members, but less than half, or 48,423, are current employees.

Document TIMEUK0020140131ea1v000x8




Schroders moves pension assets into bonds

By David Oakley, Investment Correspondent      
504 words
27 January 2014
05:26 AM
Financial Times (FT.Com)
FTCOM
English
Copyright 2014 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

Schroders, an asset management group that has been at the forefront of change in the pensions industry, has switched a large chunk of its £807m pension fund assets out of equities into bonds.

The move undermines forecasts by some analysts that the 2013 market rally would reverse the decade-long trend of defined benefit pension schemes, which guarantee retirement income, reducing their exposure to the volatility of equities.

Others are expected to follow Schroders in moving into lower risk areas after a period of strong stock market performance. As equities rose on the back of a rosier economic outlook, pension assets were boosted too. As a result, more pension schemes are less dependent on punchy returns to meet their liabilities and can afford to turn to less volatile, lower-yielding fixed income investments.

Alan Brown, a trustee of the Schroders pension scheme, said: "The improvement in financial markets has given us another opportunity to reduce risk."

A pension trustee of another big UK scheme said it was looking at further de-risking its portfolios in a similar way to Schroders because of the recovery and increasing likelihood that interest rates would rise.

An interest rate rise helps pension schemes as it improves their balance sheets by reducing deficits. Pension scheme deficits are worked out by bond yields, which tends to move in line with interest rates. The higher the bond yield, the more the pension fund is expected to earn in returns.

The move by Schroders, which with about £250bn in assets under management is Europe's second biggest independent asset management group, is a significant development given the ageing profile of the UK population.

Life expectancy in the UK has increased by 10 years for men to 84 and by eight years to 89 for women over the past 50 years, according to the Office for National Statistics.

The jump in equities has been the main cause of Schroders' defined benefit pension scheme having a funding ratio of 110 per cent, which means that its assets are 10 per cent higher than its liabilities.

The funding ratio for UK funds has improved in recent months to 97.6 per cent, says the National Association of Pension Funds. However, more defined benefit schemes are in deficit than surplus, 3,701 versus 2,449.

The Schroders fund has switched approximately 50 per cent of its growth assets, which relied heavily on equities to produce returns, into a strategic beta portfolio, which relies more on safer fixed income assets.

Schroders' pension scheme led the way in 2005 moving from a traditional benchmark-based portfolio invested in assets such as equities and bonds to one investing in a diversified range of growth assets, which included stocks and fixed income.

The company has 723 retired and 2,521 deferred members in its defined benefit scheme. Assets are forecast to peak in about 2040 and the fund's so-called tail of liabilities will run until about 2080.

Document FTCOM00020140126ea1q002jq




Financial Post
Business-friendly Canada overtakes U.S. in ranking; Jumps four spots on list of best countries for doing business

Theophilos Argitis      
Bloomberg News
504 words
23 January 2014
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
FP3
English
(c) 2014 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

Canada, struggling to emerge from a two-year slump brought on by weak exports, has swept past the United States, Germany and Japan in a Bloomberg ranking of the best countries for doing business.

Canada rose four places to reach second place, behind only Hong Kong, which led for a third straight year. The U.S. fell one spot to third place in the index that's based on six criteria, followed by Singapore and Australia.

The rise in the ranking for Canada reflects recent corporate tax cuts and the impact of a weakening dollar that policymakers are projecting will help the world's 11th-largest economy rebound from weaker-than-expected exports. A falling dollar lowers input costs relative to competitors, while the tax cuts helped make investments more profitable.

"Those are two big factors," said John Manley, a former Canadian finance minister who is now head of the Ottawa-based Canadian Council of Chief Executives. "Compared with a lot of the world, we have a pretty good story to tell."

After rising for much of the previous decade, Canada's currency has depreciated since 2011, amid weakening commodity prices and as investors regained confidence in the U.S. economy. The drop has accelerated since October, when the Bank of Canada dropped its bias for higher interest rates, a move that Prime Minister Stephen Harper endorsed. The dollar is down 14% from its postrecession high on July 21, 2011, and has dropped 6.2% since the bank's Oct. 22 announcement.

Mr. Harper has also sought to bolster the expansion with tax cuts, trade deals such as the recently announced pact with the European Union and efforts to build energy infrastructure.

Mr. Harper, in power since 2006, gradually cut the rate to 15% from above 22%, a move opposition lawmakers have said is unaffordable when the government is running deficits.

Lower corporate taxes helped fuel federal shortfalls that are poised to top $160-billion between 2008 and 2015, according to finance department projections released in November.

Mr. Manley said its important not to become complacent, and is urging the federal government to pay "close attention" to training and skills issues, infrastructure development and make sure trade agreements get implemented.

"Competitiveness is one of those things that you could never say you've achieved it," Mr. Manley said. "Holding on to No. 2 is not going to be easy."

Brett Gundlock, National Post Files / John Manley, chief executive of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives, stresses the need for training and skills development to enable Canada to retain its competitive edge in the world.; Brett Gundlock, National Post Files / John Manley, chief executive of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives, stresses the need for training and skills development to enable Canada to retain its competitive edge in the world. [NTNP_20140123_All_but_Toronto_FP3_02_I001.jpg];      

Document FINP000020140123ea1n00026




MARKETS & INVESTING
Bundled mortgage defaults hit high; CAPITAL MARKETS

By Christopher Thompson      
504 words
21 January 2014
Financial Times
FTFT
USA Ed1
20
English
Copyright 2014 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

Europe total driven up by high leverage

80% fail to repay principal in full

The default rate of "sliced and diced" loans backed by commercial mortgages in Europe has hit a two-year high, highlighting difficulties in resuscitating the securitisation market.

Nearly 80 per cent of holders of 31 commercial mortgage-backed securities, representing ?2.3bn in loans and which were due to mature in the last quarter of 2013, failed to repay their principal completely, according to Moody's, the credit ratings agency. The figure, driven upwards by high levels of leverage, is the highest quarterly default rate for two years.

"You had a quarter of particularly weak loans - on a rolling average basis we've seen a repayment rate of the principal of around a third in the previous year," said Andrea Daniels, an associate managing director at Moody's.

"One of the big credit negative implications has not only been poor performance - which means value decline - on underlying secondary quality properties but a lack of finance available to refinance these types of properties . . . therefore you have this very low repayment rate."

CMBS package pools of commercial mortgage loans for sale to fixed income investors. About half of the loans which defaulted were secured by assets in the UK while nearly a third had their assets in Germany.

The figures sound a warning for securities investors who have helped propel a modest resurgence in Europe's CMBS market .

Overall CMBS issuance, virtually zero in 2009, touched $6.4bn last year, up from $2.5bn in 2012, according to Dealogic, the data provider.

Both European and US governments have sought to encourage bank-led mortgage lending to stimulate wider economic growth.

Part of the reason CMBS sales shot up is that borrowers took advantage of record-low interest rates to refinance their loans. However, one London-based CMBS analyst said recent issuance reflected more realistic valuations compared to a pre-crisis boom.

"It's a cyclical sector," the person said. "We've been through the pain and moved through a more appropriately priced place post-crisis."

Since the pre-crisis loans were made, assets such as office developments and out-of-town retail parks, have fallen in value since 2009 . Moreover, many of the loans contained within the CMBS had loan-to-value ratios of more than 90 per cent. A little more than a third of the CMBS were repaid fully at maturity in the previous four quarters.

About ?14.6bn of European CMBS are due to mature or refinance in 2014.

Historically, banks have sold CMBS and other asset-backed securities to fixed income investors seeking steady interest payments while freeing more capital for loans.

Amid a gloomy few years for Europe's securitisation market some analysts have predicted that issuance from eurozone peripheral countries, such as Italy, will increase this year as banks try to take advantage of investors' higher risk appetite in their hunt for yield.

Document FTFT000020140121ea1l00030




News
Millions stop saving because nest egg may be lost to care costs

John Bingham      
504 words
11 January 2014
The Daily Telegraph
DT
2; National
14
English
The Daily Telegraph © 2014. Telegraph Media Group Ltd.      

MORE than three million middleaged and retired people have given up saving for old age, believing what they put aside will be taken to pay for their care, research suggests.

The Government's long-awaited overhaul of the care system, currently before Parliament, will fail if large numbers abandon saving for later life, Britain's biggest charity for the elderly warned.

Age UK said that the system, which will cap what people must pay for care in their lifetime, relies on individuals contributing to the cost.

Based on the recommendations of a commission chaired by Andrew Dilnot, an economist, the reform is due to come into force in just over two years.

It will introduce a theoretical £72,000 cap on what anyone must pay for care in their lifetime, overhaul assessments of whether people are frail enough to need care, and create a deferred payment scheme to prevent people's homes having to be sold to fund care while they are alive.

But ministers have been criticised after it became clear that the latter scheme will not be available to those with modest savings of about £23,000.

One recent study estimated that more than a million families had to sell a home in the past five years to pay care bills.

With council budgets under strain, more than 450,000 elderly and disabled people who would have received state support for care a few years ago are now shut out of the system, academics at the London School of Economics have calculated.

Ministers say the reforms should enable people to avoid "catastrophic" bills for the care they may need in later life and provide enough certainty for them to plan for costs they may incur, possibly by purchasing insurance.

But polling for the charity found that almost three in 10 people aged over 50 are no longer saving for their future needs, the vast majority agreeing that there is "no point".

Of them, more than half singled out a view that anything they save "will just be taken away later" when they need care. That equates to about 3.2million people in mainland Britain.

Age UK warned that a lack of clarity could be adding to uncertainty and undermining the reform.

Caroline Abrahams, the charity's director, said: "The Government needs to give people a realistic idea of what they can expect to be paying for in the future.

"There is an urgent need for a frank and honest debate around the funding of care and who will have to pay for what."

Ruth Isden, its head of public services, said: "If we are looking at a system which was designed to encourage people to save towards the cost of later life and care by trying to give some certainty about the costs and it looks like it is not encouraging those people to do so, then it isn't going as far as it needs to."

Document DT00000020140111ea1b0008x




MARKETS & INVESTING
UK money managers fear stocks are overvalued

By Christopher Thompson      
504 words
28 December 2013
Financial Times
FTFT
USA Ed1
12
English
Copyright 2013 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

Nearly half of all UK money managers believe that share prices are in bubble territory following one of the biggest annual stock market rallies in more than a decade, according to new research.

Of the investment managers polled by the CFA Society, the largest organisation of UK asset managers, 44 per cent believe stocks in developed markets were overvalued during the last quarter of 2013, up from 37 per cent the quarter before.

The survey added that two-thirds of money managers believe corporate bonds are overvalued while 78 per cent of respondents think government bonds are richly priced. By contrast, half of the respondents said that stocks in emerging markets are undervalued, the largest proportion of any asset class, although this is a slight decline from the third quarter.

Will Goodhard, CFA's chief executive, said the poll chimed with a broader market view that the quantitative easing programmes pursued by the US Federal Reserve and the Bank of Japan helped inflate some asset prices.

"It appears that members see the stimulative central bank monetary policies as having inflated asset values broadly," he said. "During the third quarter, there had been signs that our members believed we were moving towards a normalised market . . . the final quarter of 2013 marks a reversal of this trend, with the perception that asset classes are overvalued rising across the board, most markedly in developed market equities and government bonds."

The poll comes after the Fed announced earlier this month that it would begin tapering its QE programme from $85bn to $75bn per month.

Equity fund inflows have hit record levels this year on the back of investor confidence in global economic growth. Some analysts said this has led to a "great rotation" whereby investors sell bonds - which are seen as mainly defensive investments - and buy stocks.

The MSCI All Country shares index - a bellwether for global equities - has increased by 22 per cent for the year to date, buttressed by gains on developed market bourses .

Nevertheless, Kevin Lilley, manager of European equities at Old Mutual, said investors were too fixated with trying to spot "black swan" events and there remained plenty of value to be had in European stocks.

"With market multiples of current year profits not looking stretched, and economic growth forecast to rise over the next two years at least, surely we should be embracing these markets," he said.

Overall, investors pulled $9.4bn out of bond funds in the week before Christmas, according to figures from EPFR Global, the data provider, compared with $3.4bn from equity funds.

Richard McGuire, rates strategist at Rabobank, likened the QE-related rise in asset prices to "a great flotation". He added: "You buy pretty much everything if you want to have a hope of making a return."

Many emerging market assets are still recovering from summer volatility when funds saw large outflows after the Fed hinted it would begin tapering earlier than some expected.

Document FTFT000020131228e9cs00028




Financial Post
Ministers can't find common ground on CPP; More study

Gordon Isfeld      
Financial Post
504 words
17 December 2013
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
FP4
English
(c) 2013 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

If ever there was a deep wedge driven between the federal government and the provinces, the one over pension reform could likely be the one that leaves a lasting mark.

After years of heated discussions on how to enlarge the safety net of the Canadian Pension Plan - and just as many years of being urged not to kick the can down the road - Canada's finance ministers did just that.

Finance Minister Jim Flaherty played down the outcome of Monday's meeting, saying "we had a frank discussion, particularly about the pension issue." But there was to be no resolution.

"The global economy remains fragile," Mr. Flaherty said. "I encouraged my provincial colleagues to move toward balanced budgets as quickly as they can, just as the government of Canada is."

He also appeared to chastise those counterparts for "making commitments far down the road" without knowing whether the economy will be able to support those changes.

"And that was the kind of proposal that was being brought forward [on Monday]. We'll study it some more. ... So maybe two years from now, three years, five years, whatever. I'm confident we'll still be the government. I'm not sure they'll all still be here," he said.

While the ministers attending the meeting at Meech Lake told reporters they were on board with continuing to study options, they accused Ottawa of ignoring the consensus that was reached. "There was no consensus today on expanding CPP," said Kevin Sorenson, minister of state for finance.

"We believe that CPP payroll taxes can hurt the economy and distract what truly matters for all Canadians - keeping our economy strong and our finances in a strong fiscal footing," he said.

"Now is not the time to take more from the paycheques of Canadians. Families and the economy can simply not afford CPP payroll taxes that would take money out of the pockets of employees, and force employers to cut jobs, to cut hours and to cut wages."

Ontario Finance Minister Charles Souza, who promised to go ahead with plans for a separate provincial pension scheme, was visibly angered at Ottawa's refusal to acknowledge that the provincial ministers had reached a consensus. "I'm very disappointed that they used stall tactics," he said.

"We need leadership right now. We need vision and we need to ensure that Canadians all across Canada are protected," Mr. Sousa said.

"This is about all of us collectively, and we had consensus in that regard, and they [the federal government] chose not to move forward, and that I find very disappointing."

Changes to the national pension scheme would require approval by Ottawa and two-thirds of the provinces, representing two-thirds of Canada's population. Ontario and P.E.I. are in agreement as are Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Manitoba and Quebec. Still to be won over are British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and New Brunswick.

Document FINP000020131217e9ch0002l




Financial Post
Five costs

Andrew Allentuck      
Financial Post
504 words
30 November 2013
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
FP8
English
(c) 2013 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

YOU MAY HAVE FORGOTTEN IF YOU THINK YOU HAVE SAVED ENOUGH

A lot of the needs that people conceive of when thinking of the future are routine: What it will cost to live in retirement as they do before retirement, perhaps what will be left for heirs. But there can be much higher costs that eviscerate savings and even the costs of running a home or a rental property when it is harder to haul ladders. Then the costs of retirement rise above what was planned. Says Graeme Egan, financial planner and portfolio manager with KCM Wealth Management Inc. in Vancouver: "A lot of this is not risks that are front of mind, but that you can anticipate." Here are a few of them:

1 Long-term care costs You can't readily estimate what illnesses or conditions may raise your cost of living. If your assets can't cover the bills, it is worth investigating both longterm care and critical-illness policies. Long-term expenses are not just institutional. They could include costly drugs that are not paid by provincial healthcare plans. It could even mean medical travel to the U.S. or other centres for treatments that require long waits in Canada. The costs could include transportation, or foreign hospitalization. Note that travel medical coverage typically excludes pre-existing conditions.

2 What it may cost to maintain your house or cottage If you have to hire help to do the chores you used to handle, costs may skyrocket. House maintenance can be a major expense. It may be nickels and dimes when you are alive. If someone else has to do it because your health doesn't allow it, the bills can mount up, especially if maintenance was deferred in a period of illness or old age.

3 Costs of running a small businesses If you've done it all and others who take your place will have to hire staff, tradespeople and managers, then you should make provisions in in your retirement budget or will which anticipate the costs. Without such attention, the asset could become a money pit that winds up requiring costly subsidies out of your pocket.

4 Inflation Anyone who remembers the 1970s and the early 1980s when prices rose at double-digit rates knows that our present rate of inflation in the low single digits may not last. Retirement budgets that get most of their cash flow from low-yield Guaranteed Income Certificates and Canada Savings Bonds will lose purchasing power over time. To pace inflation, you need common stocks or other assets that can generate higher incomes over time. Otherwise, a retirement that starts out adequately funded can leave you poor after decades of inflation.

5 Money to help children or grandchildren purchase their own homes It can come out of retirement savings or be included in wills. It will be a gift unlikely to be forgotten, even if it is not strictly your own cost of living.

Document FINP000020131130e9bu00029




News
MONEYBAG MAGGIE IN TAXES SCANDAL; Her will lists £4.7m estate in UK... so where is the rest? £12m mansion is owned by firm in British Virgin isles

NICK SOMMERLAD      
504 words
30 November 2013
Scottish Daily Record
DRECRD
1; National
13
English
(c) 2013 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd      

FORMER Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher may have avoided millions in inheritance tax by keeping a chunk of her fortune offshore.

A copy of her will shows she left a £4.7million estate to be shared among family members.

But the £12million London mansion where the Iron Lady spent the last years of her life is owned by an anonymous trust registered in the British Virgin Islands - a notorious tax haven in the Caribbean.

As a result, she could have avoided up to £5million in inheritance tax - the 40 per cent that would have been due if it was owned by a UK individual.

Richard Murphy, of Tax Research, said: "It has always been strange that Margaret Thatcher enjoyed the benefits of a property registered in the British Virgin Islands. It is possible that Denis Thatcher set up the trust or other offshore arrangements in order to save tax."

Thatcher, PM from 1979 to 1990, died in April following a stroke and was honoured with a £10million ceremonial funeral at taxpayers' expense.

Official documents state that "the gross value of the said estate in the United Kingdom amounts to £4,768,795".

In the will, made in 1997, Thatcher intended to leave £1million to husband Sir Denis, but he died in 2003.

Instead, her estate was split between her family, with a third each going to her twins Mark and Carol, and the remaining third shared among her grandchildren when they reach the age of 25.

But it does not appear to include the six-bedroom home in Belgravia, central London which is valued at £12.4million.

The property was bought in 1991 by Bakeland Property Ltd, an anonymous offshore trust in Jersey, on a 64-year lease.

It was sub-leased to a second firm of the same name based in the British Virgin Islands.

It is not known who the beneficiaries of Bakeland are. If Thatcher had owned shares in it when she died, UK inheritance tax would have been due on their value.

Probate lawyer Andrew Kidd, of Clintons, said: "The shares in the BVI Company would be included in Baroness Thatcher's estate, and therefore subject to UK inheritance tax, in so far as they were in her ownership."

Baroness Thatcher's financial advisers refused in 2002 to explain why she didn't appear to own her own house, stating: "No one's going to tell you about that."

The will also reveals that Thatcher requested that "my tiger brooch with sapphire" should be inherited by Mark's daughter Amanda, 20, who gave a reading at her funeral at St Paul's Cathedral.

The former PM left £50,000 and a brooch with emeralds and ruby diamonds to her personal assistant and close friend Cynthia Crawford.

It's strange she enjoyed the benefits of a property registered overseas TAX EXPERT

Document DRECRD0020131130e9bu0001g




CROSSFLOW PAYMENTS CONTINUES EXPANSION WITH CTO HIRE

Issued via SourceWire News Distribution, on behalf of Crossflow Payments.      
504 words
26 November 2013
01:49 AM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2013, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

(SourceWire - Nov. 25, 2013) - FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

Monday, 25 November 2013

Crossflow Payments Continues Expansion with Key Hire

Carl Maughan takes up CTO role at Crossflow Payments

London, November 25, 2013 - Crossflow PaymentsCrossflow Payments, a leading supply chain finance provider, has announced that Carl Maughan has joined the company as Chief Technical Officer. Crossflow Payments has recently launched its industry-first peer-to-peer (P2P) invoice financing service, which supports SME cash flow issues in supply chains and offers finance providers a low risk, high yield investment option.

Carl brings strong business and technical architecture skills as well as solid technical leadership skills. He comes to Crossflow Payments after serving as Global Head of Architecture and Design at Euromoney. Prior to this he has been CIO of Stanleybet and has held different technical roles with Equifax and Erudine Financial Control Systems for over 15 years.

Carl will be heading up the company's technical development team ensuring the provision of a highly available service within demanding SLAs with transaction volumes in the millions per month. Carl will also work on the behavioural data and algorithm development, to maximise funding utilisation and align the service infrastructure with demand for financing on behalf of the company's corporate customers.

He will also be instrumental in understanding complex business requirements and translating these into live, dependable, scalable systems.

Carl commented: "I am privileged to have the opportunity to work with such a brilliant technology team and help continue the culture of innovation at Crossflow Payments. I joined the company to provide leadership and direction across both the commercial and technical elements of the Crossflow Payments proposition and take the company to the next level. ''

Tony Duggan, CEO of Crossflow commented "As this business grows, we realise that we need more leaders that can drive innovation and product development. It is crucial that we have the expertise to scale with the level of growth we plan to achieve and with his wealth of experience, Carl is in a position to keep us moving forward and ahead of technology trends, particularly in terms of analysing demand for finance and fine tune our internal forecasting systems to cater for it."

The Crossflow Payments platform is highly intuitive and easy-to-use, featuring a simple interface which requires minimal external support. Its use of the cloud makes it inherently flexible and it gives users greater control over their financial systems as well as improved business intelligence. For further information please visit www.crossflowpayments.co.uk.

-ENDS-

About Crossflow Payments

Crossflow Payments, headquartered in London, is a privately owned company providing cloud-based solutions for businesses. The Crossflow Payments platform combines invoice financing services with peer-to-peer lending to offer an effective way for businesses to improve cash flows and strengthen supplier-buyer relationships. Crossflow Payments opens up a wealth of opportunities for finance providers looking to take advantage of low-risk investments.

Document PRESSA0020131125e9bp004xu




MassMutual Retirement Services; MassMutual Retirement Services Adds Industry Veteran Mike DiCenso To Lead Institutional Retirement Plan Business

504 words
23 November 2013
Marketing Weekly News
MRKWN
66
English
© Copyright 2013 Marketing Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2013 NOV 23 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Marketing Weekly News -- MassMutual is rounding out its retirement plan market leadership team with the addition of a new leader for its institutional retirement plans market. Industry veteran Mike DiCenso has joined MassMutual's Retirement Services Division as market leader for the institutional segment effective November 4. In this newly created role, Mr. DiCenso is responsible for strategy and business development initiatives in support of the unique needs of distribution partners and sponsors in this market. Mr. DiCenso reports to William Silvanic, senior vice president and actuary, MassMutual's Retirement Services Division.

DiCenso brings more than 26 years of accomplishments to the role, having held executive level positions in sales, distribution, marketing and product development in the U.S. and international retirement plan markets. Most recently, he served as the national practice leader for Gallagher Retirement Services. Prior to Gallagher, DiCenso was with RSM McGladrey Retirement Services. He holds a bachelor's degree in business administration with a double major in marketing and management from Missouri Southern State College and completed his LIMRA Leadership Institute Fellowship (LLIF) at Babson College.

"Mike's extensive experience in the institutional retirement plan industry will bring tremendous value to MassMutual and the advisors we support as we continue to expand our coverage across all plan sizes. This additional focus on the large end of the retirement plan market rounds out our market leadership talent with one of the most experienced and respected leaders in the industry," says Silvanic. MassMutual's other market leaders include Jeffrey Schreiber, who joined MassMutual earlier this year as emerging markets (<$5M) practice leader, and Dennis Miles, a long-time MassMutual executive, who leads the mid-market ($5M - $250M) segment.

"MassMutual's presence in the mid-size retirement plan market is well established. We see a tremendous opportunity to further accelerate our growth both in the emerging markets as well as in the institutional market," says Elaine Sarsynski, executive vice president, MassMutual's Retirement Services Division and chairman, MassMutual International LLC. "We believe Mike's expertise helps us strategically organize our resources to ensure we are as responsive and supportive as possible to our distribution partners and clients," adds Hugh O'Toole, senior vice president and head of sales and client management for MassMutual's Retirement Services Division. "Mike's focus is to capitalize on MassMutual's strong offering and gathering momentum in the large retirement plan segment and to support our sales team and our distribution partners in this space," adds O'Toole.

For more information about MassMutual's retirement services, please call your retirement plan advisor or contact MassMutual at (866) 444-2601, www.massmutual.com/retire.

Keywords for this news article include: Economics, Marketing, Advertising, Finance and Investment, Investment and Finance, MassMutual Retirement Services.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2013, NewsRx LLC

Document MRKWN00020131115e9bn00017




Festiva Hospitality Group Shares Insight into its Unique Resort Travel Xchange Program

504 words
23 November 2013
03:20 AM
Thomson Reuters ONE
HUGNEN
English
© 2013 All Rights Reserved. Thomson Reuters.      

Festiva Hospitality Group is a family of outstanding vacation ownership properties around the United States and Caribbean that has also set up a unique resort exchange program for its members.

Asheville, North Carolina - Festiva Hospitality Group is proud to highlight its unique and innovative Resort Travel Xchange Program. The RTX is a revolutionary way for members to travel. Festiva Hospitality Group strives to be at the forefront of the industry, and has achieved this goal through RTX and the unique travel opportunities and savings that it affords members.

There are three levels of membership for the RTX program: basic, premium and premium plus. The basic level of membership is a free membership that allows owners to explore the destinations that are available for exchange, deposit their timeshare, and manage their traveler profile while only having to pay a $117  domestic or international exchange fee once their travel has been confirmed.

The premium membership affords all of the benefits of a basic membership, with several added bonuses including: earned rebates on all transactions, discounts on hotel stays, car rentals and cruises and resort stays for as low as $199 a week.

The premium plus membership is the highest level of benefits that RTX has to offer. It includes all of the listed benefits of both the basic and premium memberships as well as resort stays for as low as $49 a week, guest travel certificates for friends and family, VIP travel concierge services and more.

When members choose to book a vacation they can select from two different planning options. They can elect to either "bank first," meaning that they deposit their points or weeks with RTX, oftentimes in order to collect points for a bigger trip later on, or they can elect for the "request-first" option, which allows members to make a request for a destination and review their options for accommodations before committing to use their points or week. This is the most popular option for RTX members to utilize.

Festiva Hospitality Group went above and beyond when it designed the RTX program. This secure and flexible exchange program is unmatched anywhere else in the industry, and affords members unlimited destinations for all their travel needs. RTX destinations are not limited to the resorts that this program directly deals with, thus vastly increasing its geographic scope. Coupled with an outstanding rewards program, it's no wonder why so many people are already a part of Festiva's innovative and forward-thinking Resort Travel Xchange. For more information, visit http://www.rtx.travel .

********

This announcement is distributed by Thomson Reuters on behalf of Thomson Reuters clients.

The owner of this announcement warrants that:

(i) the releases contained herein are protected by copyright and other applicable laws; and

(ii) they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the

information contained therein.

Source: JW Maxx Solutions via Thomson Reuters ONE

HUG#1744339

http://www.jwmaxxsolutions.com/

Document HUGNEN0020131122e9bm0025t




Top Stories
U.S. Regulators to Take Over Furniture Brands Pension Plan

By Patrick Fitzgerald    
504 words
22 November 2013
01:20 AM
Dow Jones Top News & Commentary
DJCOMM
English
Copyright © 2013, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.    

U.S. regulators are moving to take over the pension plan of Furniture Brands International Inc., one of the nation's largest furniture manufacturers, as the bankrupt company prepares to sell its business to buyout firm KPS Capital Partners LP.

The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp., the U.S. agency that steps in when employers can't pay out promised pension benefits, said Thursday it will take over Furniture Brands' plan, which covers about 19,000 people and is underfunded by about $272 million.

The St. Louis-based furniture maker--whose brands include Broyhill, Lane, Drexel Heritage and Thomasville--will head to bankruptcy court Friday for approval to sell its assets to KPS for $280 million. KPS isn't assuming the plan.

The PBGC, created under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, takes over a private-sector pension plan after determining an employer is unable to keep paying benefits.

The regulator said it expected to cover $270 million of the $272 million shortfall. The pension watchdog pays guaranteed benefits of about $57,500 a year to retirees aged 65 or over.

Earlier this week, Furniture Brands said it would funnel $25 million from the sale of its business to a special account to cover the U.S. government's pension claims against its foreign subsidiaries' assets. That deal ring-fenced Furniture Brands' foreign subsidiaries from collection efforts tied to the U.S. pensions and cleared the way for the sale to KPS.

Furniture Brands, which employs some 9,000 people in the U.S. and abroad, filed for bankruptcy in September with a deal to sell the bulk of its assets to Oaktree Capital Management, but KPS replaced the Los Angeles-based buyout firm as the stalking horse, or lead, bidder for the company's assets.

One of the company's big shareholders, Samuel Kuo's Samson Holding Ltd. (0531.HK), of Hong Kong, had planned to bid on Furniture Brands but a qualified bid didn't materialize. With no other qualified bidders, an auction slated for Thursday has been canceled.

Judge Christopher Sontchi of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington, Del., has scheduled a hearing to approve the sale for Friday.

Like other manufacturers, Furniture Brands has suffered from the lingering effects of the recession and foreign competition. The company had sales of about $1 billion in 2012, roughly half of what it brought in a decade ago.

But the manufacturer's financial difficulties run deeper than the ups and downs of the business cycle. Furniture Brands hasn't made a profit in six years and analysts are predicting another loss in 2013.

(Dow Jones Daily Bankruptcy Review covers news about distressed companies and those under bankruptcy protection. Go to http://dbr.dowjones.com )

Write to Patrick Fitzgerald at patrick.fitzgerald@wsj.com

(CORRECTION: This item was corrected to show that the number of people covered by the plan is 19,000, not 19,0000.)

Document DJCOMM1120131121e9bl004eq




FINANCE
Decline in household income 'halted'; New Asda data suggests pressure on family budgets easing, while John Lewis sales rise above £100m

By Graham Ruddick      
504 words
18 November 2013
05:00 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2013. Telegraph Media Group Ltd.      

The pressure on family budgets is showing signs of easing in the run-up to Christmas, potentially delivering a timely boost to retailers and the British economy.

The latest Asda income tracker shows that for the first time since June, the amount of money available to families for discretionary items has not fallen compared to last year.

A spokesman for the Treasury said the Asda data "is the latest sign that Britain's hard work is paying off and the country is on the path to prosperity".

Despite the British economy returning to growth, retailers have endured a mixed 2013 with consumer spending still restricted by price inflation growing ahead of wage inflation.

However, the Asda survey stated that the average UK household had £158 of discretionary income in October, unchanged on the same month in 2012.

It recorded a sharp fall in annual essential item inflation, down 0.7pc to 2.1pc the lowest rate since February 2010. Mortgage payments and fuel prices were down, but budgets are still being squeezed by low wage growth and rising energy costs.

Andy Clarke, chief executive of Asda, said: "There is a glimmer of hope that we're on the right track for 2014. But without a substantial improvement in income growth the journey to recovery will be slow."

John Lewis, the department store, also suggested the pressure on consumers is easing by recording weekly sales of more than £100m for the first time this year.

The retailer reported a 10.7pc year-on-year increase in sales and a 11.4pc increase in week-on-week sales, with sales of clothing, boots and slippers helped by the onset of cooler weather.

Andrew Murphy, retail director, said John Lewis was "delighted" with its sales performance and that it was the earliest week in a year that the retailer had recorded sales of more than £100m.

Any indication that British shoppers are ready to spend ahead of the vital Christmas period will be welcomed by retailers.

Fashion retailers in particular were struck by unseasonably warm weather at the end of September and start of October, with new data showing a sharp drop in footfall on high streets.

According to the British Retail Consortium and Springboard, UK retail footfall fell by 2.9pc in October, worse than the 2.4pc fall in September. For three months to the end of October, footfall was down 2.1pc, the worst performance since the start of the year.

Helen Dickinson, director-general of the BRC, said: "Although recent months have hinted at economic recovery, many of us are still cautious and keen to manage budgets ahead of Christmas.

"Despite the tentative optimism in the air, it's clear that conditions remain challenging. Retailers will be hoping that a festive boost to browsing and buying puts things back on a more even keel over the coming months."

Document TELUK00020140215e9bi008nr




Win-Win Divorce Solutions Highlights Unique Divorce Mediation Services

504 words
14 November 2013
06:32 AM
PR Newswire (U.S.)
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2013    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved.      


Win-Win Divorce Solutions, LLC unveils their collaborative divorce mediation service that saves clients time and money in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. 
 

NEW YORK, Nov. 13, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Divorce mediation company Win-Win Divorce Solutions, LLC is offering a unique service for couples interested in an amicable divorce process. The company, co-founded by Jeffrey Savitt and Bradley Berfas, social worker and attorney respectively, operates out of offices in Manhattan and Long Island, and serves clients in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. With co-mediation by an attorney and social worker, Win-Win Divorce Solutions aims to make the divorce process easier, less costly, and less time consuming for its clients.

(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20131113/PH15935LOGO )

"By combining the legal acumen with an emotionally supportive environment we've created a uniquely effective alternative to litigation. This is an area in which Win-Win Divorce Solutions really excels over the traditional divorce process and our mediation competition, providing the most optimal experience for our clients," said Brad Berfas, co-founder and attorney for Win-Win Divorce Solutions.

Win-Win Divorce Solutions stands apart from traditional divorce resolution methods as a result of the company's focus on the emotional perspective of the divorce process. In a setting with neutral, knowledgeable mediators, clients of Win-Win Divorce Solutions work jointly to come up with mutually satisfying agreements. Conflict is more easily avoided through these means, allowing both parties to move forward from a difficult situation independently and optimistically.

"When we started Win-Win Divorce Solutions, we wanted to find a better alternative to the traditional divorce process, which can be very expensive and drawn out. Win-Win Divorce Solutions is for couples who don't want an exhaustive, stressful experience. Through a process of collaborative co-mediation, our clients are able to come up with better solutions that will result in the best outcome for both partners and their families," said Jeff Savitt, co-founder and social worker for the divorce mediation company.

The benefits of a collaborative divorce through Win-Win Divorce Solutions also include enormous financial savings. The costs are only a fraction of a litigated traditional divorce with no advanced fees or retainers required. All clients are screened in a free 30 minute consultation, and from there, the divorce mediation process is pay as you go. The process is normally completed in eight to ten sessions, available at flexible business hours to meet the clients' needs. The win rate of collaborative co-mediation divorces from Win-Win Divorce Solutions is over 90 percent.

Learn more about divorce mediation from Win-Win Divorce Solutions by visiting the company's website at http://www.WinWinDivorceSolutions.com. Call 855-BOTH-WIN if you have additional questions or would like to schedule a free initial consultation.

Media Contact:

Jeffrey Savitt

855-BOTH-WIN

Read more news from Win-Win Divorce Solutions.

SOURCE Win-Win Divorce Solutions

Web site: http://www.winwindivorcesolutions.com

Document PRN0000020131113e9bd000n2




Russia enters list of top 10 travel destinations

Alexander Sobolev      
Kommersant
504 words
7 November 2013
Bizekon-Russica Izvestia
BIZKON
English
(c) 2013 Russica-Izvestia Information Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Russia's influence in the world tourist market is growing, as it enters the top 10 most popular tourist destinations in the world. That is according to Taleb Rifai, the Secretary-General of the World Tourist Organisation (UNWTO) who participated in the opening of the Russian stand at the World Travel Market expo in London.

"Last year 26 million foreign tourists visited Russia. It is now the world's number 9 most popular tourist destination. It is a result of hard work, including work on a political level", he said. Other countries on the top-10 most visited countries list include France, USA, China, Spain, Italy, Turkey, Germany, UK and Malaysia.

According to the head of UNWTO, the growth of tourism into Russia could even further benefit from softening the visa regime and cancelling visa requirements for transit passengers of up to 3 days. The bill is currently being mulled over by the Russian parliament.

"We are also anxiously waiting for the Sochi Olympics, which is incredibly important not just for sports, but also for tourism", says Mr Rifai.

Russia's Ambassador to the UK Alexander Yakovenko, as well as the Head of Russia's Tourism Agency Alexander Radkov both emphasized the importance of softening the visa regime. "If not cancelled altogether, it should at least be softened for tourist trips", said Radkov. He pointed out that because of the issues with the British visa, some members of the Russian delegation were unable to attend the expo.

But despite the visa barriers, the number of participants from Russia at the WTM is growing each year, according to the Ambassador. This time representatives of some 15 regions including St. Petersburg and Moscow presented their latest offers, hotels and hot destinations on the Russian stand.

The Russian capital is also preparing for a tourist boom. Moscow is awaiting a significant influx of travellers who plan to stop in the capital on their way to see the Olympics. Sergey Shpilko, the head of the Moscow Tourism Committee, says no matter how many people are coming, all visitors will be taken care of. "We prepare to meet the people at the airports and railway stations, we are training the volunteers. Along with existing tourist information centres, we plan to open several new ones in Moscow's major airports", says Shpilko.

Tourists will have plenty of ways to see the capital even on a brief stopover with transit tours around Moscow lasting from half day to 3-day packages. Mr Shpilko also promised hotel accommodation at record low prices: "You can find a hostel room starting at 650 rubles, a 2-star hotel at 750 and a 3-star accommodation starting at 1500rubles. These are standard European prices", says the official.

The World Travel Market exhibition takes place at theExCel exhibition centre in East London and lasts for 4 days. With some 5,000 participants from 184 countries it is the world's largest event of this kind.

Document BIZKON0020131107e9b700003




OnLine
Public-sector pension plans look to reduce benefits, including early retirement

Barbara Shecter      
Financial Post
504 words
6 November 2013
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2013 Canwest News Service      

About one-third of Canada's public sector pension plans are looking to reduce indexing to inflation or ancillary benefits such as generous early retirements, with some considering eliminating indexing altogether, according to a survey released Wednesday by human resources consultant AON Hewitt.

The survey analyzed 139 pension plans with more than $250-billion of assets and two million plan members. It reveals a wide range of actions being taken and considered to manage the risk of defined-benefit pension plans that guarantee specific payments and other benefits to workers when they retire.

"The private sector plans are more likely to make fundamental changes to member benefits," AON said. "Like corporate plans in other parts of the world, many Canadian sponsors have already closed or intend to close plans to new members, freeze accruals for existing members, and/or switch to a pension structure where more of the risks are borne by plan members."

At 75% of the publicly traded companies surveyed, at least one plan has been closed to new members, and 15% of the plan sponsors are considering freezing the defined benefit plan "in the near future," according to AON.

Related

A pension freeze halts the accumulation of benefits from the point the plan is frozen, meaning the company or plan sponsor no longer has those obligations. It does not, however, eliminate benefits that have already been earned or accrued.

The sustained period of low interest rates combined with volatile capital markets has put funding pressure on pension plans that guarantee benefits to generations of workers who are living longer.

Among the ways plan sponsors can alleviate funding deficits is to raise contributions from plan members and sponsors, or reduce benefits.

The AON survey found that 71% of public sector plan sponsors are considering seeking additional contributions from members. The preference in the public sector is to make adjustments to benefits or cost structures that maintain "the form" of a benefit, but at a level that is more manageable for the plan sponsor, the pension consultant said.

The survey revealed that 43% of the entire pool of plan sponsors surveyed are "curious about" a new breed pension plan that shares the risk of pension promises between workers and employers.

The "target benefit" plans have fixed contributions and a targeted defined benefit level, but the funding and benefits policy prescribes methods for varying benefits based on affordability, according to AON Hewitt.

In other words, adjustments to both the costs and benefits are built in to respond to actual experience. Some benefits kick in only if the pension is doing well, so the plan can be sustained in hard times.

"There is considerable interest in finding out more about the target benefit plan' concept, although it is a relatively new way to manage many of the risks inherent in traditional DB (defined benefit) and defined contribution plans and legislation is still outstanding in many jurisdictions," AON Hewitt said.

Document CWNS000020131107e9b60050s


Shutdown Put Delay on Some Regulations

Rebecca Moore      
504 words
29 October 2013
Plan Adviser
PLNADV
English
© 2013. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

The two-week government shutdown in October delayed the U.S. Department of Labor's (DOL) work on the fiduciary redefinition, according to Assistant Secretary of Labor Phyllis Borzi.

Speaking to attendees at the 2013 American Society of Pension Professionals & Actuaries (ASPPA) Annual Conference in National Harbor, Maryland, Borzi said she cannot give a sure date when those regulations-which she called the "conflict-of-interest" rule-will be issued, but "we are very close to finishing." She added that the rule is the DOL Employee Benefit Security Administration's highest priority.

When the regulations are issued, Borzi said, it will include three parts:

* The preamble and text of the regulations;

* A "robust" economic analysis, in which the administration discusses what harm is done by conflicted advice, and including a cost/benefit analysis; and

* A list of exemptions.



Borzi also mentioned the administration's advanced notice of proposed rulemaking about lifetime income projections on participant statements. It is now in the stage of analyzing comments. Many commenters urged the administration not to require projections on statements, but Borzi said, "I don't think that moves the needle, saying you can do it if you want."

Michael Rae, deputy chief of Negotiations and Restructuring at the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) told attendees his agency is working to ease burdens on pension plan sponsors, especially of small plans, to encourage continuity of the defined contribution retirement plan system. He mentioned regulations proposed in July on Premium Rates and Payment of Premiums that would simplify due dates, coordinate the due date for terminating plans with the termination process, make conforming and clarifying changes to the variable-rate premium rules, and provide for relief from penalties. According to Rae, the agency is in the process of reviewing comments (see "Groups Recommend Changes to PBGC's Premium Proposal") and hopes to issue final regulations before time to pay 2014 premiums.

Rae also noted that the PBGC recently appointed a Participant and Plan Sponsor Advocate (see "PBGC Names Plan Sponsor and Participant Advocate"). However, there are no specific regulations yet about when and how to engage the advocate.

Mark Iwry, senior adviser to the Secretary of the Treasury and deputy assistant secretary of the U.S. Treasury, said his agency is hoping to issue hybrid plan regulations that have been in the works for so long. "Due to the degree of technical issues with cash balance plans, it has taken longer than we thought," he stated, noting that when the regulations are issued, they will be final regulations.

Iwry told conference attendees the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) encourages stronger plan designs to increase retirement plan participation. He added that the agency encourages the use of automatic plan features not only in its regulations, but in speaking engagements.

The IRS has been working with the DOL to figure out how to expand lifetime income options in defined contribution plans. He invited attendees to offer remarks about how to design such options.

Document PLNADV0020131030e9at00003




Permira trims hopes of £1.4bn valuation for Just Retirement

By Alistair Gray, Insurance Correspondent      
504 words
30 October 2013
06:23 AM
Financial Times (FT.Com)
FTCOM
English
Copyright 2013 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

The private equity backers of Just Retirement have trimmed their hopes of securing a £1.4bn valuation for the pensions business as they seek to attract investors to London's latest listing.

As executives kicked off an investor roadshow on Tuesday, investment banks handling the offer began taking orders in a range that would give the Permira-backed company a market capitalisation of between £1bn and £1.25bn.

"The idea is to have juice left for the next set of investors," said a senior investment banker. "You want a good after-market."

Permira is proposing to sell between 5 and 10 per cent of its 84 per cent stake, significantly less than originally planned. The company is also planning to raise £280m worth of fresh equity after fees.

Just Retirement sells "individually underwritten" annuities, allowing individuals who are expected to die early - such as smokers - a higher-than-average annual pension income.

It is confident the market will continue to expand and is targeting fund managers that specialise in growth companies, not those looking for income. The company is expected to offer a dividend yield of only about 1 per cent.

On some financial metrics the midpoint of the valuation range would put shares in Just Retirement trading at a premium to its biggest rival, Partnership, which completed a £1.54bn flotation in June.

At the midpoint share price of 225p, Just Retirement would trade on about 13 times forecast 2014 operating earnings and 11 times 2015 earnings, said people familiar with the matter.

At the maximum price of 250p, it would trade on about 14½ times next year's earnings and 12 times the following year's. These prospective multiples are higher than Partnership's, of about 12 times and 10 times respectively.

The tabular content relating to this article is not available to view. Apologies in advance for the inconvenience caused.

<>However, prospective investors said Just Retirement's backers have been telling them the company would be priced broadly in line with the wider life insurance sector - even though it is expanding significantly faster.

They have also been arguing that Partnership is not necessarily a fair benchmark because its shares dropped more than 7 per cent on a single day last month for company-specific reasons.

Regulators found evidence suggesting that Partnership may have breached a new ban on commission payments to financial advisers. Partnership has said it would co-operate fully with the investigation.

Just Retirement's backers have also been pointing out that the company, which also allows consumers to raise cash against the value of their properties through equity release schemes, has a higher embedded value than Partnership.

However, leading fund managers have warned they are sceptical about this insurance-specific valuation metric.

The price range has been set after advisers and sell-side analysts hired by Just Retirement sounded out prospective institutional investors. Conditional dealings are due to begin in about two weeks.

Document FTCOM00020131029e9at004h6




Features
Final-salary pension did not help public servant's family; First person Del-Ryan Rafter, an independent financial adviser at Beeston-based James Ryan Thornhill Ltd, on how poor health can raise your retirement income

504 words
26 October 2013
Nottingham Evening Post
NOTTEP
1; National
17
English
© 2013 Nottingham Evening Post      

I WANT to look at two very unusual cases which highlight something we all should think about when we retire.

Firstly, Brian, who had a personal pension and was on the point of retiring. He came to us for pension advice and told us he had cancer, so we suggested an enhanced lifetime annuity. (This is a pension income which is increased because poor health is likely to shorten the client's life).

Of course, we aren't medically qualified and can't judge the severity of an illness - we simply ask questions to detect signs of impaired health.

If we find a possible medical condition, no matter how trivial it seems, we gather as much detail as we can and send it to specialist annuity providers, as in this case.

As expected, the quotes offered more income than Brian would have got if he'd accepted his pension provider's "full health" figure.

Typically, he was being offered around 50 per cent more - but one quote was so high we were sure there'd been a mistake.

It turned out that the provider's medical adviser happened to be a consultant oncologist. He realised Brian's cancer was an extremely aggressive form.

So, for the rest of his (tragically short) life, Brian enjoyed nearly five times more income than he expected.

Last year, Annette was retiring after a working life in the public service. She had the usual "gold-plated" final salary pension - 50 per cent of her final salary plus a large, tax-free lump sum.

Normally, no financial adviser would even think of interfering with such benefits. However, in this case, she mentioned recent treatment for cancer. It looked as if surgery and chemotherapy had been successful.

Nevertheless, I thought it might be worthwhile looking at an enhanced annuity. We were concerned that her pension would cease immediately if she were to die because she was divorced and her children were over 18.

One provider offered six per cent more income. Not a huge increase but, unlike her final salary pension, the lifetime annuity was guaranteed for ten years. She accepted.

Unfortunately, her cancer returned and she died only a few months after retiring. If she hadn't spoken to us, her pension would have ended then and there. As it is, her family will receive the full annuity for the remainder of the guarantee - more than £125,000 spread over the next nine years.

These cases are exceptional - but they illustrate a wider truth. When you retire, you should think about your health. If it isn't perfect - or if you smoke, drink or are overweight - talk to your financial adviser. We often surprise clients by enhancing their retirement income.

Failing health could open the door to much greater enhancement a few years later.

Document NOTTEP0020131026e9aq00033




In Transit
Travel
The Latest Getaway Holiday? Halloween

By RACHEL HARRIS      
504 words
25 October 2013
NYT Blogs
NYTB
English
© 2013 The New York Times Company. All rights reserved      

Halloween is no longer just one night of dressing up and eating too much candy on a school night. Like most holidays, it's been amplified with a monthlong roster of events aimed at kids both young and old. For travelers, that means sweet deals from hotels and attractions looking to capitalize on those who want to celebrate all things darkly hallowed.

New Orleans may be the shooting location for the FX network's popular thriller "American Horror Story: Coven," but the city's roots in dark magic are as long as the line to get into VooDoo Fest. The annual music festival takes place Nov. 1 to 3, with Pearl Jam and the Cure headlining. But for weekenders, the highlight may be the festival's partnerships with local hotels and airlines, which are offering ticket holders discounts on rooms and flights. More details can be found at worshipthemusic.com/travel.

Or, for a an elegant lesson in New Orleans's darker culture, the Hotel Monteleone's Criollo Restaurant is to serve a "Legend of the Rou-Ga-Roux" dinner on Oct. 30, honoring the folklore of the Acadian werewolf.

The dinner, $90, includes a five-course meal that includes black grouper cheeks and cane-marinated pork tenderloin, with spirits, or rather drinks, care of Donner-Peltier Distillers, the maker of Rougaroux Full Moon Dark Rum and other liquors. The hotel itself, like most New Orleans accommodations, is said to be haunted.

In San Diego, the Marriott Del Mar is offering guests a Halloween Fun Parking Package on Thursdays through Sundays until Nov. 2. Starting at $144 a night, it includes a deluxe room with complimentary parking and free shuttle service to and from the city's annual Scream Zone at the Del Mar fairgrounds. One of the largest Halloween events in Southern California, Scream Zone features a giant zombie paintball challenge, a haunted hayride to Zombie Town, a House of Horror and a giant indoor maze.

Also on select nights through Nov. 2, Universal Studios, Orlando, is offering a Gory Getaway package that combines a hotel stay with tickets to the theme park and Universal's Halloween Horror Nights which, this year, will feature shows and attractions themed around the AMC television show "The Walking Dead" and movies like "Resident Evil" and "The Rocky Horror Picture Show."

Packages start at $299 per adult for a three-night stay at the Best Western Plus Orlando, or $605 to stay on site at the Loews Royal Pacific Resort at Universal Studios and include a two-day park pass, a CityWalk Party pass and one night's admission to Halloween Horror Nights. Further discounts are available to Florida residents.

* A Dubai Hotel Will Hit a New High

* 40 Winks More, Jeeves 

* Hotel Drinking Gets Specialized

* From Orbitz, a New Loyalty Program

* A Hotel Chain Drops Pornography Channels

Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam performing in Brooklyn earlier this month. | Kevin Mazur/Getty Images      

Document NYTB000020131025e9ap002xl




Long-time Leading Financial Advisor Mark Orgel Establishes Independent Wealth Management Business

504 words
22 October 2013
03:09 AM
PR Newswire (U.S.)
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2013    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved.      


Orgel Wealth Management to offer personalized attention, service excellence to high net worth investors, trusts, foundations, retirement plans, and corporations 
 

EAU CLAIRE, Wis., Oct. 21, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Long-time leading financial advisor Mark Orgel, recognized by Barron's as one of the Nation's top advisors in each of the past six years, announced today the launch of Orgel Wealth Management (Orgel), an employee-owned, independent investment advisory firm based in Altoona, Wisconsin.

Serving individual investors, trusts, foundations, retirement plans, and corporations, Orgel Wealth Management's unique business model will allow the 23-person team of experienced senior advisors and customer service professionals to deliver superior customer service and investment outcomes. Wholly independent, Orgel Wealth Management is solutions-centric, not product distribution-driven, Orgel said, which translates to a unique blend of customized solutions, competitive pricing, and the highest levels of service for clients.

"Our success is predicated entirely on our clients' success -- and our business model reflects that promise," Orgel said. "Our firm is committed to building long-term relationships with our clients. We do this by offering both the breadth and depth of investment solutions you would find at a large organization and the superior service and intimacy of a smaller firm."

With its roots dating back to 1984, our firm currently provides advisory services to nearly $4 billion in assets. The team includes specialists in wealth management, retirement plan consulting, mergers & acquisitions/business consulting, and financial planning. The full-service firm will offer integrated solutions to meet the unique needs of their clients.

"In our professional careers, our team has always been guided by putting the needs of our clients first," Orgel added. "The values and commitments that are associated with this approach are an unwavering part of this firm's foundation. We've created this firm around service, education and, perhaps most importantly, generational continuity, so that Orgel Wealth Management can continue to serve the needs of our clients and their families well into the future, long after my colleagues and I have retired or moved on."

Orgel has selected Pershing Advisor Solutions, a BNY Mellon company, for all of its custody and clearing services. Orgel said the firm selected Pershing because its high-level technology and service, full-service platform, lending solutions, and connection to BNY Mellon would allow Orgel to remain attentive to spending time with, and developing solutions for, clients.

"Orgel Wealth Management embodies the approach to wealth management -- a commitment to strong talent and building a business to last -- that we advocate at Pershing Advisor Solutions," said Mark Tibergien, CEO of Pershing Advisor Solutions. "We're honored to be selected to support Orgel Wealth Management as it establishes itself as the next great independent firm."

orgelwealth.com

SOURCE Orgel Wealth Management

/

Mark A. Orgel, Chairman and Founder, 715 858-7777, mark.orgel@orgelwealth.com, Samir A. Murty, Managing Director, 715 858-7706, samir.murty@orgelwealth.com    |            Web site:      http://orgelwealth.com

Document PRN0000020131021e9al000g4


New Super Fund To Replace KiwiSaver $22 Billion Gravy Train

504 words
20 October 2013
LiveNews.co.nz
LIVNEW
English
Copyright 2013. Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All Rights Reserved      

Source: New Zealand First - Press Release/Statement:

Headline: New Super Fund To Replace KiwiSaver $22 Billion Gravy Train

A new superannuation fund to save billions of dollars for KiwiSaver contributors over the next thirty years will be a central plank for New Zealand First at the 2014 General Election.

An outline plan of "KiwiFund" has been announced by Rt Hon Winston Peters in his keynote Leader's address at the party's annual convention in Christchurch today.

Mr Peters told delegates that private funds managers were sucking the lifeblood out of KiwiSaver, and in five short years had already taken $325 million in management and investment fees.

"Independent forecasts show that over the next thirty years these funds managers will take more than $22 billion from KiwiSavers and there is no government guarantee that the remaining funds will be safe.

"There is huge pressure from the finance industry to get their hands on more retirement funds. The figures show these companies will make spectacular profits at the expense of people saving for their retirement.

"Our plan is to change KiwiSaver so that it is a truly government-backed and managed retirement fund. Because of the economies of scale, and the elimination of hordes of ticket clipping fund managers, costs will be greatly reduced. People who pay into KiwiSaver will get their full return."

Under the New Zealand First plan, KiwiFund will be government-guaranteed and it would invest substantially in New Zealand.

"People saving through KiwiFund will be buying back New Zealand. KiwiFund will invest in buying back farmland, state assets and critical infrastructure. Funding will also be provided to support smart local companies to develop new products and create jobs.

"We have to invest in our own future. Overseas pension funds and corporate investors can hardly believe their luck - and are buying up everything they can in New Zealand.

"New Zealand First says its time to stop this sell out. We are already well down the road to serfdom in our own country."

Mr Peters warned there would be "howls of outrage" from the private funds managers who would "fight to the death" to retain their $22 billion gravy train.

"In the United States, private funds managers lost billions of dollars of pension funds during the 2008 financial crisis. We simply cannot afford to let that happen to the retirement savings of New Zealanders.

"KiwiFund will enable us to build a high performance economy from which all New Zealanders will get the benefit," said Mr Peters.

Graph: KiwiSaver Investment Management Fees

-

The claims and opinions made in this statement are those of the release organisation and are not necessarily endorsed by, and are not necessarily those of, LiveNews or its owners. Also in no event shall LiveNews or its owners be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on the above release content.

Document LIVNEW0020131020e9ak00006




Features
Drive a hard bargain; HAVE PASSPORT WILL TRAVEL Jeremy Gates rounds up all the latest travel news

Jeremy Gates      
504 words
19 October 2013
Nottingham Evening Post
NOTTEP
1; National
37
English
© 2013 Nottingham Evening Post      

TEMPERATURES are already falling in the Alps and if you want the price of your 2013/14 season ski holiday to fall too, driving to the slopes could be one easy solution.

With airlines ever-keen to slap hefty charges on extra baggage (something that is inevitable with a ski holiday) travelling by car could save families hundreds of pounds. Stuart McLeod of Zenith Holidays, an operator catering for 'savvy' skiers, explains: "This winter, we are seeing a significant increase in the number of people driving families to the slopes to cut costs. If we include free Channel ferry crossings, driving down to the Alps saves about £450 for a family of four, as opposed to flying and paying extra on baggage at check-in."

At lesser-known French resorts like St Jean Montclar and Les 7 Laux, for example, a family of four could enjoy a self-catering apartment with Channel crossings and lift pass from around a total £920 per week - or about £1,290 if they chose a four-star apartment with access to a pool (about £324 each).

McLeod says many skiers will also catch trains to the ski resorts this winter - some on Eurostar, and some catching trains direct to the Alps. These trains leave Paris at 10pm on Friday nights and arrive on the slopes next morning, allowing skiers to sleep on the train then grab an extra day's skiing on the Saturday, a day which would otherwise be lost waiting around at airports.

Of course, not everyone can face the long car or rail trek across France, especially if you live further north, and for this reason Monarch Airlines has flights of barely two hours from Manchester, Gatwick and various regional airports into Italy, Spain, Germany and Austria. Monarch one-way flights into Munich, from Leeds Bradford, Luton and Manchester start at £39.99 (£83.98 return) with transfers to the resort of Kitzbuhel taking 90 minutes. Fares to Grenoble, from Birmingham, Leeds Bradford, Gatwick and Manchester start at £44.99 one way (£91.98 return) with transfers of two hours and 45 minutes to Val d'Isere. There is more good news from the big operators too, keen to secure early sales at discounted prices to avoid the risk of bigger discounts nearer departure date. For example, Crystal Ski, which covers 136 ski resorts in Europe, North America, Japan and Russia with regional departures from all major UK airports, offers a 'buy one and get one half price' deal on lift passes - saving up to £177. It applies on bookings by October 21 for departures between January 4 and February 9.

Driving to your ski holiday can save you money.

At Ski Solutions, deals include savings on accommodation in Whistler, free lift passes and discounts in Verbier and four-night all-inclusive breaks at Isola 2000, from £575 includes return flights ex-Gatwick December 12.

Document NOTTEP0020131019e9aj0001n




Features
A brighter future is now within reach; Workplace pensions Advertising Feature

504 words
8 October 2013
Liverpool Echo
LIVECH
1; National
18
English
(c) The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd, 2013.      

LIFE is full of surprises, and here's one - you can improve your financial future without doing a thing!

Millions of working people are discovering the benefits of a workplace pension. This could include you if you're employed, aged 22 or over, and earn at least £9,440 a year.

The law has changed so your boss has to enrol you into a pension scheme automatically, without you doing a thing!

It's great news if you don't have a head for figures or worry about making the wrong choices with your money.

If you've never thought about having a workplace pension before, it might sound complicated.

But it's really a simple save-as-you-go system. Here's how it works: Your employer will write to you, so look out for this letter, which will give you more details about your workplace pension scheme and what it means for you.

Your boss will then automatically enrol you into the scheme. Once you've been enrolled, a small percentage of your salary will go straight into your pension pot.

Your boss will pay in as well - that's EXTRA money that you wouldn't otherwise get. The government will give you tax relief, too.

All three contributors - you, your employer and the government - will continue to pay into your pension pot regularly.

Your pot will grow over time and when you retire, you will be able to use it to buy a regular income for the rest of your life.

You will have the chance to opt out of your workplace pension, but, before you do, here are some things to think about: The current State Pension is £110.15 per week for a single person. It's a great foundation, but saving through a workplace pension will give you more money to spend in retirement.

Unlike other types of saving, you won't be the only person paying in. Your employer and the government will contribute too - that's not something you get with your ISA or savings account.

This isn't just happening to you - more than a million people have already been enrolled into a workplace pension in the past year. Don''t be the one to miss out!

This change started with the biggest companies first but will affect all businesses over the next few years.

Staying in a workplace pension could be the best decision you ever make. ? Find out more about workplace pensions by searching the internet for "workplace pensions."

HOW DOES IT WORK? SAM earns £12,000 a year before tax and gets paid monthly.

Each month? ? Sam puts in £40 ? His employer puts in £30 ? The government gives tax relief worth £10 This means Sam has £80 going into his pension pot every month. That's £960 a year!

? This example is for illustrative purposes. Your employer will let you know the actual amounts that apply to your workplace pension.

Document LIVECH0020131008e9a800035


Charge Cards vs. Debit Cards

504 words
4 October 2013
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2013 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.      

Not all plastic cards are created equal.

When discussing the kind of credit that comes with a plastic card, the first distinction to make is between charge cards and credit cards. American Express Green Card and Gold Card and Diners Club Charge Card are charge cards that require you to pay your bill in full each billing cycle. Most credit cards (including some offered by companies that also issue charge cards) don't necessarily encourage you to pay your bill in full because they profit by charging interest -- lots of interest -- on the unpaid balance.

Charge cards. Travel and entertainment cards, such as American Express and Diners Club, are charge cards, not credit cards. You are expected to pay their bills in full within a specified time period. If you don't, you'll be penalized.

Membership fees for charge cards are higher than for bank-issued cards, and the kinds of service they offer -- an annual accounting of charges, traveler's checks, cash in an emergency -- are commonly available with credit cards, too, especially gold or platinum cards.

You may be able to get a bigger credit line with a charge card, but they're not as widely accepted as Visa or MasterCard.

Debit cards. A debit card appears to work the same way as a credit card: The merchant runs it through a little machine and off you go without any cash actually changing hands. But that's where the similarity ends. When you use a debit card, the amount of your purchase is deducted from your checking account or some other account you have designated. It's useful to think of a debit card as a paperless check that clears immediately, with no grace period, or "float."

If you're not paying close attention, you may find yourself carrying a debit card from your bank that you think is a credit card. That mistake usually lasts no longer than the arrival of your first bank statement showing your depleted balance.

The main use for debit cards used to be to get cash from automated teller machines, but devices known as point of sale terminals have been installed in an increasing number of retail outlets. Beginning in August (July for new accounts), your bank will ask if you want to opt-in for overdraft protection. If you don't, your transaction will be declined. This will also occur at the ATM.

Two key facts to remember about debit cards:

Although they look like credit cards, they aren't.

Safeguards against loss or theft and unauthorized use of your card aren't as strict as they are with credit cards. By law, you're liable for the same $50 as with a credit card, but only if you report an unauthorized transaction within two business days of discovering it. Miss that deadline and you're legally responsible for up to $500. But MasterCard and Visa will waive it entirely in many cases.

Copyright 2013 The Kiplinger Washington Editors

Document KPCM000020131218e9a400004




Property
New house sales build

Rebecca Thistleton      
504 words
2 October 2013
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
39
English
Copyright 2013. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited.      

Signs of growth in new housing sales have emerged in NSW and Western Australia, the states with the biggest house price gains.

Nationally, new housing sales rose 3.4 per cent after a 4.7 per cent decrease in July, the Housing Industry Association's seasonally adjusted figures, released on Tuesday, show.

However, new apartment sales fell 11.2 per cent across the country after new units sales eased in NSW and Victoria.

"It is no coincidence that the states where we've seen rises in new detached house sales are where we've seen the most price growth," HIA chief economist Harley Dale said.

New home sales were up 10.2 per cent in August for Western Australia and 7.4 per cent in NSW. South Australia also performed strongly, recording an 8.2 per cent increase.

Dr Dale said recovery was under way in those two states but overall sales were trending sideways when Sydney and Perth were not included in the figures.

In Queensland, where new house sales inched up at 3.6 per cent, a housing recovery will not be as rapid.

"It will be challenging and take time to gather momentum; it will be a grinding recovery in Queensland," he said.

In Victoria, new house sales fell 2.4 per cent.

Dr Dale said he expected further declines this financial year, as the state was still coming off peak growth in new home and apartment sales in 2010.

Improvements in Sydney have been seen in the housing and apartment market. However, there were fewer new unit sales in August.

Across the industry, builders and developers have noted an overall improvement in sentiment and inquiry levels.

Home builder Metricon chief executive Mario Biasin said sales had improved in NSW, Queensland and South Australia but off very low bases.High demand expected to continue

He said regional Victoria was performing well but metropolitan Melbourne remained quiet.

"We're seeing more investors than first-home buyers at the moment, and people wanting to upgrade. More people are building now that they feel confident in selling their existing home," he said.

Years of under-supply in Sydney's land market, coupled with strong population growth and low interest rates, are fuelling the market.

Cameron Holt, chief executive of Investa's house and land arm, said the biggest challenge was maintaining the supply to the hungry Sydney market.

The unlisted land development arm of Investa Property Group has reported an increase in demand, particularly on Sydney's fringe.

Mr Holt said demand had been high over the past six months, and he expected that to continue.

Medium and high-density projects continue to sell strongly in Sydney, such as Australand's Metro project at Wolli Creek, where 55 of the 70 apartments sold at the September launch.

CBA economists said while low interest rates are not showing up in retail trade data, the housing figures suggest lower rates are having a significant effect on the housing market.

Document AFNR000020131001e9a20004x




Bonds Gain As Shutdown Intensifies Debt-Ceiling Fears -- Barron's Blog

504 words
3 October 2013
01:27 AM
Dow Jones News Service
DJ
English
(c) 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

(This story has been posted on Barron's Online's Income Investing blog at http://blogs.barrons.com/incomeinvesting/)

By Michael Aneiro

Financial markets seemed cool with the whole government-shutdown thing yesterday but they're not so happy about it today, and that's pushing bonds higher. The ten-year Treasury note is up 14/32 in price to yield 2.594%, per Tradeweb data, and the 30-year bond is up 26/32 to yield 3.674%.

Of course, what everyone's really worried about is the upcoming debt-ceiling negotiations, and whether the government can patch up its current, comparatively minor problems in time to address this much bigger potential problem of causing the U.S. to default on its debt. Here's Deutsche Bank today:

On balance we expect moderate risk-off dynamics until resolution of both the budget impasse and the debt ceiling. The probability of even a technical default is extremely low, but the potential costs are very high. But in either event we expect the uncertainty to provide a short term tailwind to a consolidation of the summer's sell-off. We remain comfortable with our year end forecast for 2.5% Treasuries, but a more acute scare in the budget and debt ceiling process could push yields still lower in the short run.

And here's Peter Tchir of TF Market Advisors, underscoring what a calamity the debt-ceiling debacle would become if it led to a U.S. default by saying that it ain't gonna happen:

There will NOT be a default on U.S. Treasury debt. It won't happen because it has the potential to spin out of control. Even something that is "technical" and "temporary" could have ramifications for the market that no one will be willing to risk....

No matter what, we will pay our debts. Whether congress roles it weekly for a period of time, or we get a bigger solution, or the Treasury finds a way to pay people what is owed, the debt will be paid.

The potential consequences of not paying it are too great. It isn't simple and at some point the majority of politicians will listen to people like Bill Gross and understand that the dangers of not paying are just too stupid to take. The system is too complex and at its heart is the understanding that treasuries are highly rated and always pay. Breaking that taboo opens too many possible scenarios for no good reason. This is after all debt and payment obligations that we have encumbered ourselves with through law, and should be paid.

I would never bet against the incompetence of Congress, but I am willing to bet against them being completely idiotic and acting with gross negligence, which is what it would take to trigger default on Treasury bonds.


 
 For continuously updated news from Barron's, see Barrons.com at http://barrons.com. 
 

[ 10-02-13 1127ET ]

Document DJ00000020131002e9a20009i




Health
Why divorce is bad for a man's health: Separation increases the risk of early death, substance abuse, suicide and depression

EMMA INNES      
504 words
2 October 2013
11:18 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
© 2013 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved      

* The impact of divorce on men's health 'needs urgent investigation'

* Divorced men are more likely to have heart disease, high blood pressure and strokes than married ones - are also 39% more likely to commit suicide

* They are more likely to take part in risky activities which also increases their mortality rate

Divorce might leave some with a broken heart but it also causes real health problems for men, according to researchers.

Those whose marriages end have higher rates of mortality, substance abuse and depression and often lack social support, a study found.

It called for doctors to refer more male divorcees to therapists and said more work is 'urgently needed' to investigate the damaging effects of relationship break-ups on their health.

American researchers say that divorced and single men have a 39 per cent higher suicide rate than their married counterparts - perhaps in part because they are more likely to engage in risky behaviour.

The study, published in the Journal of Men's Health, calls for doctors to refer more men to therapists.

A case study by Dr Daniel Felix, of the University of Nebraska, said health professionals must recognise 'divorce related health problems' in men.

His research centred on a 45-year-old white man who 'endured a difficult divorce'.

He visited his family doctor for the first time in ten years complaining of bad sleep and persistent abdominal pain.

The man revealed he drank 'about a six-pack of beer a day,' had recently begun hating his job in middle management at a local bank and had become irritated with his colleagues and boss.

He eventually reported having limited access to his children and paying a 'significant amount of child support'.

The man also said his ex-wife 'took all our friends with her after the divorce'.

The researchers reported the man's physical condition as 'unremarkable' apart from having a slightly enlarged liver and being somewhat overweight.

They instead attributed his mild physical ailments and seemingly mild depressive state to continued anxiety and stress associated with his divorce.

As a result, the researchers warn doctors about treating ailments that have a psychological basis in divorce.

Instead, they recommend nutrition, exercise and sleep education.

They also urge medical professionals to refer men to alcohol and substance abuse treatment programmes, counsellors or other mental health professionals or divorce support groups.

Professor Ridwan Shabsigh, of Cornell University in the U.S. and president of the International Society of Men's Health, said: 'Popular perception, and many cultures as well as the media, present men as tough, resilient, and less vulnerable to psychological trauma than women.

'The fact is men get affected substantially by psychological trauma and negative life events such as divorce, bankruptcy, war and bereavement.

'Research is urgently needed to investigate the prevalence and impact of such effects and to develop diagnosis and treatment guidelines for practitioners.'

Document DAMONL0020131002e9a20005m




FEAR FOR ELDERLY WITH MORTGAGE DEBT

By Vicky Shaw, Press Association Personal Finance Correspondent      
504 words
28 September 2013
09:01 AM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2013, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

Fears have been raised for elderly people who are still sitting on large amounts of mortgage debt and could be at risk of losing their homes.

A report by Bristol University and the International Longevity Centre (ILC-UK) found that about two-fifths (40%) of people aged 75 and over and who still have a mortgage to pay off have an interest only mortgage with no linked investment with which to pay their loan back. This figure dropped to just 6% for people aged between 50 and 54 who still have a mortgage.

Interest-only mortgages, which allow borrowers to pay off the capital only when the mortgage term ends, have become much more thin on the ground since the boom years amid concerns about people not being able to pay back their debt.

Earlier this year, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) found that home owners have been failing to put enough money aside on up to half of the 2.6 million interest-only mortgages which are due for repayment over the next 30 years.

Mortgage lenders recently agreed to alert their most at-risk customers to help them avoid "payment shocks''. Some borrowers could end up having to sell their home to pay the loan back if they do not take stronger control of their repayment planning.

The Bristol University/ILC-UK research found that nearly one in 10 (9%) households headed by someone aged in their late 60s still had a mortgage to pay off, as did one in 50 (2%) of people aged over 80.

Among everyone aged over 50 with an outstanding mortgage, the average amount still owed was £62,200. Among the over 75s, the average amount outstanding was £30,900.

At least 14% of older mortgaged households had taken on a new home loan or extended their mortgage in the last couple of years, the report found.

The research was based on the Office for National Statistics' Wealth and Assets Survey, which looked at the economic wellbeing of households.

Peter Tutton, head of policy at StepChange Debt Charity, said: "Today's report further highlights the potentially serious problems faced by older people with interest only mortgages.

"It is now essential that lenders show forbearance and work with customers to establish suitable options to prevent people from losing their homes in retirement."

Andrea Finney of Bristol University's Personal Finance Research Centre, said: "These new findings highlight a core of households whose mortgages have persisted into older age."

She said the report raises important questions about the financial security of these households as they approach later life.

David Sinclair, assistant director of policy and communications at ILC-UK said: "We are seeing a worrying picture emerge of older people with unlinked interest only mortgages.

"As the FCA and industry communicates with people with unlinked interest only mortgages, it should evaluate whether any specific targeting of information and advice is necessary for older people."

ends

Document PRESSA0020130927e99r0076f


News
Don't be afraid to ask the difficult questions that come with retirement planning

KIM INGLIS, SPECIAL TO QMI AGENCY      
504 words
20 September 2013
Northeast Sun
NRTHES
Final
A8
English
2013 Sun Media Corporation      

Planning for retirement can be overwhelming. It requires thinking about long-term goals and it forces consideration of a more sensitive subject -- one's own mortality.

An RBC study reports that only 52% of Canadian boomers actually put a plan on paper despite understanding its importance. However, they worry about it. According to a recent Investors Group survey, financial concerns affect 32% of Canadian couples and 60% of them put retirement savings worries at the top of the list.

For many Canadians, a sense of futility comes from thinking "I'll never be able to save enough money." They might be influenced by the old rule of thumb that suggests 70% of pre-retirement income is needed to maintain a current standard of living.

However, some experts like Fred Vettese, the chief actuary of Morneau Shepell, believe that figure is far too high.

Determining the right figure starts with analysis. Cash flow models should be performed, accounting for such factors as lump sum cash needs for special events, future inflation and debt reduction.

To help with that process, the government of Canada has created an excellent Canadian Retirement Income Calculator that takes into account such things as CPP, pensions, RRSPs and other sources of income like annuities.

Once income goals have been set, an analysis should be done to determine the income sources. For most people, a substantial portion will be drawn from investment portfolios. As retirement nears, these portfolios should be prepared for the transition and structured to replace employment income. This generally translates into a more significant weighting in fixed income as well as other investments that provide a regular income stream, such as high quality dividend-paying investments.

Good retirement income plans will also make use of guaranteed income sources that guard against volatile markets and inflation erosion. These include government benefits, available pension income and annuities.

Proper retirement planning goes beyond the management of the retirement portfolio. Estate planning also enters the picture, both from the perspective of how the money will be distributed to heirs but also to more sensitive personal issues. Often there is concern over the future management of the estate by the heirs who may not be competent with finances or are simply not ready to handle a large inheritance.

Canadians want to retire with sufficient income to carry them through and, hopefully, with enough to leave something for their children. However, if they allow themselves to be overwhelmed in angst over an unattainable figure that is both too high and inaccurate, they will never be motivated to begin saving. Determining the right number takes time, but the time is well spent.

-Kim Inglis, CIM, PFP, FCSI, AIFP is an Investment Adviser and Portfolio Manager with Canaccord Genuity Wealth Management, a division of Canaccord Genuity Corp., Member -Canadian Investor Protection Fund. www.reynoldsinglis.ca. The views in this column are solely those of the author.

Document NRTHES0020130920e99k00005




City Room
N.Y. / Region
Big Ticket | Terrace Swimming for $14.7 Million

By MICHELLE HIGGINS      
504 words
30 August 2013
NYT Blogs
NYTB
English
© 2013 The New York Times Company. All rights reserved      

A sprawling seven-bedroom, nine-and-a-half-bath duplex with a 3,800-square-foot terrace including a private outdoor swimming pool at the Aldyn, at 60 Riverside Boulevard near 63rd Street, sold for $14,711,621.25 and was the most expensive sale of the week, city records show.

The nearly 6,000-square-foot interior space is one of four duplex apartments with double-height living rooms and large terraces built on a setback at the Aldyn, Extell Development's glassy 40-story luxury condominium on the Upper West Side. The apartment, No. 2102, listed for $16.9 million, was the pricier of two with private 15-by-37-foot outdoor pools and expansive Hudson River and city views that were unabashedly marketed in the name of charity. They were transformed into designer fantasy spaces last year for the 40th anniversary of the Kips Bay Decorator Show House, which raises money for the Kips Bay Boys and Girls Club.

"It raised a lot of awareness in the marketplace and certainly in the brokerage community of these residences, which are sort of fun and unexpected," said Beth Fisher, a senior managing director of the Corcoran Sunshine Marketing Group, which represented the building. "Who expects to find a residence of nearly 6,000 square feet with a private pool in Manhattan?"

But with this particular unit, the show house "almost killed the deal," said Kristen Magnani of Rutenberg Realty, who represented the buyers, listed as Joseph and Maria Lucania in city records. Though the apartment met her clients' demands for a spacious urban abode with amazing views and outdoor space that rivaled their big suburban backyard, Ms. Magnani said, the show imposed the wildly different styles of the various designers, creating "an absolute distraction."

"It's a hodgepodge of everything," she said, recalling red zebra wallpaper, an assortment of Venetian glazes on the walls, "and every conceivable color you can imagine," throughout the apartment. Afterward, she added, "they were like, 'We don't see ourselves living here.'"

It wasn't until the fancy furnishings were removed, the wallpaper and other designer imprints stripped out, and their own interior designer helped them conceptualize the space, that they began to envision themselves there, Ms. Magnani said. In the end, it was a combination of the unique space, the impressive views, and the many building amenities that sealed the deal. (The Aldyn has a full-size basketball court, a two-lane bowling alley, a golf simulator, a gym and a rock-climbing wall.)

Big Ticket includes closed sales from the previous week, ending Wednesday.

* Big Ticket | $12 Million for a Luxury Co-op at the Pierre Hotel 

* Big Ticket | $10.2 Million for Sweeping Vistas

* Goodbye, Manhattan

* On the Train, a 'Girl on Fire'

* Big Ticket | $23 Million for a Floor on Park Avenue

The Aldyn has four duplex units. | Marilynn K. Yee/The New York Times      

Document NYTB000020130830e98u001mh




Money
Insurance is a risk when doing it yourself

John Collett      
504 words
28 August 2013
The Age
AGEE
First
8
English
© 2013 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited.      www.theage.com.au

Super

Spend time watching commercial TV, listening to the radio or using the internet lately and you will have noticed the massive advertising campaign being conducted by the self-managed superannuation fund (SMSF) industry. It pushes the virtues, as the industry sees it, of managing your own super fund. And the message appears to be hitting home, with members of large super funds seemingly receptive to the messages from SMSF promoters.

A recent CoreData survey of members of large funds showed that less than one-quarter said they were likely to establish, or join, an SMSF in the next five years. CoreData found while most people with their own funds are in their 50s and over, the fastest-growing age cohorts of those starting their own fund are in their 30s and 40s. Who could argue with the ads asking whether we would like to take control of our super and that we should be paying lower fees? But just because they are being marketed in this way does not make them suitable for everyone.

Most people probably do not want to put in the time and effort required to run their own fund. Every time I write about SMSFs, warning to be careful, I receive emails from those who have their own funds, saying they have never looked back and the set-up is simpler to run than they had expected.

For some people, running their own fund does makes a lot of sense, and good luck to them. But while most people like the idea of control, they baulk at actually having to make investment decisions. And no matter who is hired to run the SMSF, it is the trustees of the fund who have the legal responsibility for the fund.

The best of the large funds charge total fees of about 1 per cent of the member's account balance. It would be a struggle to keep costs as low as that with an SMSF unless the fund holds a substantial amount of money.

Large funds are adding direct-investment options whereby members can buy shares and term deposits so that there are fewer reasons for members to strike out on their own. There are other potential problems of running a super fund. And members need to be clear about these before taking the plunge. Large funds usually provide cheap life insurance with automatic acceptance.

Trying to obtain insurance on your own will probably mean disclosing your medical history to the insurer and submitting to a medical examination. Insurance could be refused or you end up paying through the nose for it. There is some evidence that SMSF trustees are leaving some money in a large fund for the insurance. SMSFs are outside the superannuation compensation scheme. This is the scheme whereby all members of large funds have to pay a small levy to compensate those members of large funds who lose money because of fraud.

Document AGEE000020130827e98s0005s




Pensions
Delaying pension income 'is a gamble'

Leah Milner      
504 words
28 August 2013
01:15 AM
thetimes.co.uk
TIMEUK
English
© 2013 Times Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved      

Pensioners have been warned that they could lose out if they delay buying an annuity to try and qualify for a better rate.

Most retirees who are not members of final salary pension schemes have to purchase an annuity in order to convert their savings pot into an income for life, but rates have tumbled over recent years.

Once you purchase a standard annuity, the level of your income is fixed, so some savers have chosen to delay their purchase in the hope that rates will improve.

As the income you receive is linked to life expectancy, you are likely to qualify for a higher rate when you are older, which is another reason some choose to put off their annuity purchase.

But MGM Advantage, the annuity provider, said the outlook for annuity rates is uncertain and it may take retirees longer than they think to make up for the income they lose when delaying this purchase.

If you were to put off buying an annuity for two years and rates improved by 6 per cent over this period, it would take 19 years to make up for the income lost due to the delay.

If there was no improvement in annuity rates, it would take between 37 and 41 years to make up for the lost income, but life expectancy is just 21 years for a man aged 65 or 24 years for a woman.

A retiree with a £100,000 pension pot would be able to purchase an annuity worth £5,870 per year at 65, based on current rates.

At 67, he or she would qualify for an annuity income of £6,192 per year, based on the same amount of savings - but this would mean sacrificing £11,740 in income over two years.

Andrew Tully, of MGM, said: "It has been said buying an annuity is a gamble. But then so is delaying your annuity purchase in the hope rates will improve."

The Association of British Insurers (ABI) last week published data showing the gap in annuity rates offered by its members in a bid to help pensioners compare costs.

Up to £1 billion per year is wasted by savers who do not shop around for the best deal, according to the Money Advice Service.

Many fall into the trap of accepting the rate offered by their existing pension provider, which is seldom good value.

Smokers and those who have health conditions may be able to qualify for enhanced rates which could boost their income by as much as 40 per cent.

Danny Cox, of Hargreaves Lansdown, the adviser, echoed the warning from MGM Advantage.

"Those delaying buying an annuity in the hope that rates will improve may be disappointed," he said.

"In most cases, people should buy their annuity when they need the income and not delay, unless they have other resources to live on."

Hargreaves Lansdown has a calculator tool to help you assess the impact of a delay.

Document TIMEUK0020130827e98r0015v




Guardian Money Pages
Money: Currency conversion is sky-high at Jet2

504 words
24 August 2013
The Guardian
GRDN
8
English
© Copyright 2013.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved.      

In June I booked a return flight from Malaga to Edinburgh with Jet2 airlines. The booking cost was displayed throughout in euros. At the end of the booking I was given the option to pay in sterling. I selected this and was given a sterling cost of pounds 538.83 for euros 548.84. I knew this wasn't right but paid it rather than go through the booking process again. There is no option to go back to pay in euros once sterling has been selected. I assumed a mistake had been made and decided to contact Jet2 the next day to sort it out (I booked on a Sunday evening). When I realised just how much extra I had paid over the bank exchange rate I was furious. Using the bank exchange rate I would have paid pounds 466. That is a difference of approximately pounds 70. I contacted Jet2 by telephone the next day and was told that they have their own exchange rate and I would have to write to them to discuss my complaint.

Since then I have had two letters from them replying to my questions, but they say that because I agreed to the price at the time of booking I am not entitled to a refund of the exchange rate I incurred. I would be grateful if you could look into this for me and if I don't get a positive outcome at least you could bring it to the attention of your readers.

MT, Ballater

You have been the latest victim of dynamic currency conversion, which is yet another way for the airlines to try to overcharge the unwary. In Guardian Money we have repeatedly warned against this practice, which is used by lots of retailers - particularly hotels and restaurants, and increasingly car hire and other firms that deal with tourists. Many ATMs in Spain offer this very pricey "service". The firm converts the local currency at an exchange rate that is beneficial to them - although not usually quite to this extent.

We asked Jet2 about your case and it chose not to explain why the overcharge was so high. Instead it says: "Jet2.com uses a company exchange rate which changes daily with the fluctuations in currency values. Prices are displayed in both currencies throughout the booking process to ensure the conversion is clear. The customer makes the decision as to which currency they wish to pay in and has the option throughout the process of changing this."

We made a dummy booking and this was indeed the case. Next time, get the calculator out before you finish the booking. In your case it's probably worth complaining to your card provider about this pounds 70 overcharge, which is ridiculous.

Meanwhile, other Jet2 customers take note, as should anyone abroad who is offered the chance to pay in sterling. You should always decline and insist on being charged in the local currency.

Document GRDN000020130823e98o000bv




Northwestern Mutual; Northwestern Mutual Offers Select Portfolio Immediate Income Annuity

504 words
24 August 2013
Investment Weekly News
INVWK
645
English
© Copyright 2013 Investment Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2013 AUG 24 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Investment Weekly News -- As more and more Americans inch closer to retirement, they look for ways to create a predictable paycheck for life. To meet that need for reliable income, Northwestern Mutual has introduced the Select(TM) Portfolio Immediate Income Annuity. This innovative new solution creates a base of guaranteed* lifetime income--much like a traditional pension--but has upside potential for that income to grow through dividends.*

By leveraging Northwestern Mutual's financial strength and stability, dividend payouts have the potential to enhance the benefits for clients who can receive payments either as cash during retirement, keep dividends in the contract to increase their income stream, or select a combination of the two options. This growth potential is also available with the Select(TM) Portfolio Deferred Income Annuity, introduced in October 2012.

"Retirement planning today is challenging, due to fewer employer-sponsored pension plans, market volatility and increased longevity. So our goal is to help create more certainty, security and predictability in retirement," says David Simbro, senior vice president of life and annuity products for Northwestern Mutual. "And potential to grow one's income through dividends is certainly appealing in today's low interest rate environment."

Increasing longevity remains a key risk for those individuals without sufficient nest eggs, making financial security that much harder to achieve. According to current actuarial data, there is a 50 percent chance that a 65 year old man will live beyond age 87, and that a 65-year old woman will live beyond age 90. If married, there is a 50 percent chance that one will live beyond age 94. (Annuity 2000 Table)

"This increasing longevity underscores why annuities fit so well into a comprehensive retirement plan, that includes both risk and investment solutions. Annuities can essentially create a paycheck for life," adds Simbro.

A strong response from the marketplace

Americans are seeking viable income solutions that can help create financial security and are designed to provide some protection from market fluctuations and inflation risk, which has resulted in significant growth in the deferred income annuity market. According to the 2013 Q1 LIMRA industry sales data, Northwestern Mutual's market share increased to 24 percent, due in large part to the introduction of its new Select Portfolio Deferred Income Annuity. This is the company's highest market share for annuity offerings to date.

"We're pleased to see so many people taking the steps necessary to create retirement plans that will safeguard their assets and protect their future," notes Simbro.

*All guarantees in annuities are backed solely by the claims paying ability of the issuer. While dividends are subject to change and not guaranteed, Northwestern Mutual has paid dividends to eligible policyowners every year since 1872.

Keywords for this news article include: Northwestern Mutual, Investment and Finance.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2013, NewsRx LLC

Document INVWK00020130816e98o000dq




TIAA-CREF; Washington State Board for Community and Technical Colleges Re-Launches Retirement Plans with TIAA-CREF as Sole Recordkeeper

504 words
24 August 2013
Investment Weekly News
INVWK
264
English
© Copyright 2013 Investment Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2013 AUG 24 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Investment Weekly News -- TIAA-CREF, a leading financial services organization, and the Washington State Board for Community and Technical Colleges (SBCTC) announced the re-launch of the institution's core 401(a) and supplemental 403(b) retirement plans.

TIAA-CREF will continue in its role as sole recordkeeper for the State Board Retirement Plan and the State Board Voluntary Investment Program, which together contain more than $2 billion in assets.

As part of the re-launch, SBCTC implemented a new investment menu, using TIAA-CREF's open-architecture recordkeeping solution, which simplifies retirement plan oversight and eases many fiduciary challenges that have arisen from recent regulatory changes. The new menu includes TIAA-CREF mutual funds, TIAA-CREF lifecycle funds and other high quality, low fee1 investment options. Plan members will continue to have access to TIAA-CREF annuities, which can help provide guaranteed lifetime income in retirement.

"Our goal is to help our plan participants build a higher degree of retirement security, which includes an income stream in retirement, and it's clear TIAA-CREF is the best vendor to get us there," said John Boesenberg, Deputy Executive Director for Human Resources. "TIAA-CREF's demonstrated track record of high quality investment products, cost-effective compliance services, and the unique plan member educational and advisory services are other reasons why we decided to continue our sole recordkeeping relationship with them."

TIAA-CREF's sole recordkeeping solution streamlines plan enrollment, manages employee contributions and tracks transactions related to loans and withdrawals, giving SBCTC significantly more visibility into its plan's management and accounting.

In its sole recordkeeping model, SBCTC can also provide employees with a comprehensive view of all the assets in their retirement plan, which gives employees the ability to make better decisions regarding their investment mix, risk profile and portfolio rebalancing.

SBCTC employees will also have access to TIAA-CREF financial advisors, who provide retirement advice at the fund level tailored to individual goals at varying life stages as compared to other retirement plan vendors who can only offer guidance at the asset class level. By combining sole recordkeeping and financial advice, plan members may benefit because sole recordkeeping provides them with a comprehensive picture of their retirement plan assets, which they can use in conversations with a TIAA-CREF financial advisor to help build a successful retirement investment strategy.

TIAA-CREF advisors will be available on campus or over the phone to all SBCTC plan participants. The advice planning tool is also available online to assist SBCTC employees with their investment decisions - meeting employees where they are.

Keywords for this news article include: TIAA-CREF, Government Agencies, Finance and Investment, Washington State Education Agencies, Washington State Board for Community and Technical Colleges.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2013, NewsRx LLC

Document INVWK00020130816e98o0003f




Euromonitor Sector Capsule; Travel Accommodation in the US

504 words
21 August 2013
Euromonitor Sector Capsules
EUROCPS
English
© 2013 Euromonitor International Ltd      

Euromonitor International's Travel Accommodation in USA sector capsule offers a guide to the size and shape of the category at a national level. It provides the latest sales data (2008-2012), allowing you to identify the categories driving growth.

HEADLINES

Travel accommodation posts current value growth of 5% in 2012 to reach sales of US$140 billion

2012 a solid year of recovery, with room prices inching higher and the most bed nights since 2007's historic peak

Marriott International Inc strengthens its leading position, followed by Hilton Worldwide

Travel accommodation anticipated a constant value CAGR of 2% to 2017

MARKET SIZE TRAVEL ACCOMMODATION - USA 2007 - 2012



COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE

Marriott International Inc remained the leading brand owner in the US in 2012, accounting for value sales of US$16.9 billion from 3,079 properties across the country. Hilton Worldwide ranked second with sales of US$16.3 billion from 3,378 properties. InterContinental Hotels Group Plc and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc accounted for sales of US$9.5 billion and US$7.1 billion, respectively. Wyndham Worldwide Corp ranked fifth in terms of total revenue, but operated the most US properties in 2012 (5,729), with a broad budget brand portfolio that includes Super 8, Days Inn and Ramada hotels. Comfort Inn, a budget chain operated by Choice Hotels International Inc, was the most common brand outlet in the US, with 1,970 properties.

In October 2012, Marriott International acquired the Gaylord Hotels brand from Gaylord Entertainment for US$210 million. This brings four large, resort-style hotels near Nashville, Orlando, Dallas and Washington DC under the Marriott family brand. The move has been interpreted as an effort to expand Marriott's presence in the MICE category, with the Gaylord resort facilities attracting considerable conference and meeting-related travel. Marriott will manage the four hotel properties while Gaylord Entertainment retains ownership of the properties.

COMPANY SHARES (BY NATIONAL BRAND OWNER) HOTELS - USA - RETAIL VALUE RSP - % 2012



DEFINITIONS AND METHODOLOGY

Travel Accommodation

Travel accommodation covers the main types of accommodation used by incoming tourists and domestic tourists. Travel accommodation value is measured in terms of the price paid for accommodation by the consumer and businesses based on total room sales. It does not include foodservice (food and drinks) or any other form of revenue that is not directly related to accommodation such as events and conferences and guest services such as gym, spa, shop etc. Travel accommodation volume is measured in terms of number of outlets, rooms and bed nights.

Methodology

This report is derived from Euromonitor International's Passport information system. Industry research is carried out by a global team of more than 600 in-country analysts and is based on a core set of research techniques:

* National-level desk research, company research and analysis, store checking, trade interviewing with national players and market analysis

* International-level desk research, multinational company research and analysis, trade interviewing with international players and market analysis

Document EUROCPS020130826e98l0008l



MARKETS & INVESTING
Record sums poured into leveraged loan funds

By Stephen Foley in New York      
504 words
27 July 2013
Financial Times
FTFT
USA Ed1
12
English
Copyright 2013 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

Global investors are committing money to the leveraged loan market in record volumes, even after 58 straight weeks of inflows, chasing an asset class seen offering both a high yield and protection from big market swings.

More than $40bn has now flowed into loan funds this year, according to EPFR Global, including a record $2.18bn in the week ended this Wednesday.

Loan funds buy floating rate bank loans to big companies, especially high-leveraged companies owned by private equity firms.

While equity investors occasionally took fright at signs the global economy may be flagging, and bond investors took flight when stronger economic data suggested the Federal Reserve will wind down monetary easing, leveraged loans have marched onward in all weathers.

Fifty-eight weeks is the longest uninterrupted streak of positive inflows since Lipper began collecting weekly data on the asset class in 2003.

Eric Gross, credit strategist at Barclays, said the attractions of loan funds include the fact that leverage loans get a higher priority than bonds if a company goes bankrupt.

The floating rate also means that they will not sell off as sharply as fixed-income investments when interest rates rise.

With an effective yield that Barclays calculates at 5.8 per cent, loans offer close to the same yield as junk bonds, which currently yield 6.1 per cent on a Barclays average. "You get a similar yield and you have less downside risk," said Mr Gross.

Loan funds remain a smaller asset class than fixed income and equity funds, where there were also strong inflows in the past week.

Overall, EPFR Global-tracked bond funds took in a nine-week high of $4.36bn, while equity funds absorbed $8bn.

In particular, US high yield bond funds posted their second biggest weekly inflow on record, according to EPFR, rebounding from June's Federal Reserve-related sell-off.

"The [leveraged loan fund] asset class is one of the few for whom rising interest rates are a plus," EPFR analysts wrote this week. "But, given the appetite for exposure to junk bonds, fears of a sharp hike in the cost of capital - especially in the US - are receding."

The all-weather appetite for leveraged loans has been a boon for companies that were taken private near the peak of the credit bubble six years ago, since it has provided money with which to refinance maturing or onerous debt.

In a report this week, Fitch, the credit rating agency, estimated that of the $970bn of loan issuance over the last four quarters, approximately 66 per cent has been directed towards loan refinancing.

The report said that the biggest threat to the creditworthiness of highly-leveraged companies had been "all but eliminated" by the issuance.

The total amount of debt due through the end of 2015 had been reduced from a high of $1.2tn at the beginning of 2011 to $440bn at June 28, 2013, Fitch said.

Document FTFT000020130727e97r00045




Barron's Blog:UBS: Precedent Favors Bondholders In Detroit Bankruptcy

504 words
23 July 2013
03:23 AM
Dow Jones News Service
DJ
English
(c) 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.    

(This story has been posted on Barron's Online's Income Investing blog at http://blogs.barrons.com/incomeinvesting/ )

By Michael Aneiro

UBS muni strategists may not specifically call Detroit's bankruptcy "idiosyncratic" (opting for the less-punchy "we do not consider Detroit's plight to be evidence of a systemic event at this time") but they address at length a key concern for bondholders: how the city's emergency manager, Kevyn Orr, is effectively challenging the status of general obligation bonds, and how bondholders might fare in this court case. From UBS muni analysts Thomas McLoughlin, Kathleen McNamara and Kristin Stephens:

[Orr] classified all GO bonds as unsecured obligations, making no distinction between GO bonds backed by a promise to levy an unlimited property tax and GO bonds lacking such a pledge. The net effect was to place all GO ULT bonds (other than those additionally secured by a state intercept payment) on par with all general fund obligations, including pension liabilities and post-employment retirement benefits.

Mr. Orr presumably plans to argue that the bankruptcy court should ignore the important distinctions among different types of general bonds and, instead, conclude that no statutory lien exists for the protection of any GO bondholder. Such an argument would have to contend with the fact that local governments in Michigan are required to levy a dedicated property tax for the repayment of voter- approved debt. The local government is then statutorily required to segregate the property tax proceeds in a separate account for the exclusive benefit of bondholders. This is hardly the definition of a bond "without any legal security."

We believe this issue -- the degree to which a GO ULT bond constitutes a "secured" obligation -- represents one of the most significant issues associated with the city's bankruptcy. There are few legal precedents (owing to the rarity of municipal bankruptcies). The precedents that do exist would appear to favor holders of GO bonds backed by an unlimited property tax. Moreover, nearly 90% of Detroit's outstanding debt is enhanced by municipal bond insurance policies. These insurers have a vested interest in protecting the sanctity of GO ULT debt. In the event the bankruptcy court decides in favor of Mr. Orr's arguments, we foresee further appeals and lengthy litigation.

UBS then looks at the city's roughly $5.4 billion of bonds backed by a special revenue pledge, such as water and sewer bonds, which constitute 69% of the city's muni debt:

In contrast to the uncertainty over the security of the city's general obligation bonds, Detroit's water and sewer enterprise debt is classified as "secured" in the Proposal. While the paucity of municipal bankruptcies over time leaves us with few precedents, we believe the court will recognize that utility revenues constitute special revenues and are, therefore, insulated from the city's insolvency.


 
 For continuously updated news from Barron's, see Barrons.com at  http://barrons.com . 
 

[ 07-22-13 1323ET ]

Document DJ00000020130722e97m000cz




Financial Post Investing
TSX crests after six weeks; U.S. indexes also surge; Housing starts stable, inspiring confidence

John Shmuel      
Financial Post
504 words
19 July 2013
National Post
FINP
National
FP7
English
(c) 2013 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

The TSX hit a six-week high Thursday amid analyst speculation the worst may be behind beleaguered Canadian stocks.

The composite index closed up 61.57 points, or 0.49%, to 12,630.34 on a day when U.S.

indexes reached new record highs. But the TSX is still a long way off from its record close above 15,000 in 2008 and it's lagging its U.S. equivalents for the third year running.

A commodity price rout, concerns about a slowing housing market in Canada and slackening demand from China have combined to essentially punch Canadian stocks in the gut.

Martin Roberge, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity, doesn't expect any of those pressures to disappear, but "recent economic data in Canada and in China suggest that there is less uncertainty around and/or a lessening of those risk factors."

Data from China this week showed its gross domestic product grew by 7.5%, meeting expectations and easing fears that the country's economy is on the verge of a hard landing.

Mr. Roberge also pointed out Canadian housing starts are averaging 200,000 a month this year, adding some confidence about the health of Canada's economy.

Meanwhile, BMO Capital Markets' latest commodity report said this year's pricing pullback, which has hit the resource-heavy TSX hard, is likely to reverse next year.

"The correction has likely been overdone in some areas, and commodities should stabilize and recover moderately through 2014 as global growth regains momentum," said Earl Sweet, a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets.

Mr. Roberge said he sees four reasons why the worst may be over for the TSX. First, technicals have improved, with the stock-to-bond ratio pushing above its 200-week average.

The last two times that happened, in September 2004 and december 2010, Canadian stocks outperformed bonds over the following months.

Second, foreign securities data from Statistics Canada show Canadian stock flows are improving relative to bond flows. More importantly, the data hints foreign buyers are interested in Canadian equities again.

Third, the analyst notes that 55% of the TSX market cap is now paying a dividend yield of at least 3%, compared with 52% in the last market bottom in 2009. That suggests the index is due for a rebound, he said.

Finally, there are signs the TSX materials sector, which is about one-third of the index, has also bottomed out. A report by Bank of AmericaMerrill Lynch on Thursday notes the sector is one of the most oversold in the world, with a deviation of 34.3 from its 200-day moving average. Only global gold miners and South African materials are more oversold.

"The TSX material sector is down 49% from its peak in April 2011," Mr. roberge said, adding that a similar derating in valuation multiples signalled cyclical sector bottoms in 2005 and 2008.

Document FINP000020130719e97j0006d




Personal Finance
Funds for Investors Seeking Income; Investments include REITs and emerging markets

By Reshma Kapadia      
504 words
14 July 2013
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

With traditional bonds yielding 2% or less, rather than the 5% they averaged between 1926 and 2012, financial advisers and investors have been trying to cobble together assets for income-often paying more and hunting in far-flung corners of the market. Recent signs the Federal Reserve may taper its bond purchases brought on volatility that further complicates the income conundrum.

The fund industry has come up with solutions, launching roughly 100 funds using multiple assets and generating income since 2010 that have drawn $26 billion in assets, according to Lipper.

Many of these funds charge hefty upfront loads and are difficult to categorize, with managers often switching in and out of assets. Some focus on yield or current income while others are more concerned with capital appreciation and dividend growth.

But for investors looking to diversify across income assets like master limited partnerships, dividend-paying stocks and emerging-market debt, they may be worth a look.

Here are five funds that yield more than the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index average and boast strong records over at least the past three years.

The 65-year-old Franklin Income fund (FKINX) invests primarily in stocks, bonds, convertible bonds and real-estate investment trusts. Income is the major focus, with capital appreciation a close second. The fund yielded 6% over the trailing 12 months and returned an average return of 7.6% over the past decade. Its overseas exposure is capped at 25%.

Thornburg Investment Income Builder fund (TIBAX) is more global, with almost half its assets abroad. It has flexibility in its allocations, going where it can find the best mix of capital appreciation, income and price. The fund, which yielded 5.7% over the past 12 months and returned an average 9.8% over the past decade, typically sticks with stocks, bonds and convertible bonds.

JPMorgan Income Builder fund (JNBAX) also has a global bent and even more flexibility, investing in agency mortgage bonds (mainly Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac issues), dividend-paying emerging-market stocks and, recently, Italian and Spanish government debt. The fund yielded 4.9% over the trailing 12 months and returned an average annual 8% over the past five years.

BlackRock Multi-Asset Income (BAICX) has similar flexibility but focuses more on risk. The fund returned an average annual 7% and yielded 4.5% over the past five years. It aims for as much or less risk as a 50% stock/50% bond portfolio, often using cash or hedges.

The MFS Diversified Income fund (DIFAX) invests in high-yield bonds, emerging-market debt, U.S. government debt, U.S. value stocks and REITs. The fund must always have exposure in each but can tilt weightings slightly from a neutral posture of 60% bonds and 40% stocks and REITs, with the most latitude in high-yield bonds. The fund averaged an annual 8.7% over the past five years and yielded 3%.

Document WSJO000020130714e97e000gp


News
Unhappy with property taxes? Then call MPAC

504 words
13 July 2013
Chatham Daily News
CHTHDN
Final
A1
English
2013 Sun Media Corporation      

KIRK DICKINSON For The Daily News

Chatham-Kent residential property owners may have received a shock when they opened their tax bills this past week.

Due to a number of variables, including recent property reassessments, many residents have seen a significant increase in this year's property tax.

This past spring, the Municipal Property Assessment Corporation (MPAC) performed a general reassessment of all Chatham- Kent property, which South Kent Coun. Art Stirling said is a major reason why taxes are costlier than many residents anticipated.

He said if residents have had a significant increase in their assessment beyond the average property tax increase, then they will see a higher-than-average tax increase.

"The assessed value of your home or property should be relatively what you think you could get for it on the open market," said Stirling, who served as budget chairman. "If you disagree with MPAC's assessment, then you can ask for a review."

Gord Quinton, acting director of financial services/treasurer for the municipality, said there have been hundreds of complaints from residents who are upset about the increase in their tax bills.

However, he said there are some residents who have actually seen a decrease in their property tax this year if their assessment was lowered. He said many residential property owners saw varying assessment changes.

"Some went way up and some went way down. There's people with 20% increases in their assessment and people with a 20% decreases," said Quinton.

He said farmland assessments in general have increased by about 65%.

Stirling said he's heard of many residents requesting an appeal of their assessment, as well as a great deal of success having their assessment reduced.

"I would encourage people to take a look at their reassessment and if they disagree with the new assessed value on their property, they probably should visit with MPAC," he said.

Stirling added that a number of factors can affect a residential property assessment -- including location, neighbouring property sales, urban costs, size of the property, age of the residence and building quality.

"All municipalities live with the consequences of that reassessment, which is happening every four years," he said.

Another contributing factor in the increase in property taxes was the 1.2% education -evy reduction that was passed as part of council's budget process.

Stirling said many members of council, including himself, were initially unclear that the 1.2% reduction was primarily applied to commercial and industrial property, rather than residential.

This had led to an average increase of 4.4% in property taxes, rather than the expected 3.2% tax hike.

He said another contributing factor is the loss of industrial assessment.

"If we see a reduction in industrial, then that tax shifts somewhere. And in this particular case this year, a lot of that has shifted to residential," he said

With the budget passed in February, the hike works out to an added $79 for a $153,000 home.

Document CHTHDN0020130713e97d0000t




DOUBLE-DIP PENSIONS TO BE TARGETED

Ben Heather      
504 words
10 July 2013
The Southland Times
SLANDT
2
English
© 2013 Fairfax New Zealand Limited. All Rights Reserved.      

SUPER-SIZED CUTS Anyone who is a New Zealand resident and has been living here for at least 10 years is entitled to state superannuation when they turn 65.

More than 570,000 people received $9.5 billion in New Zealand Super last year, with the number expected to continue to grow as the population ages.

The payments can be as much as $357.42 a week, with couples paid less.

Of these, about 65,000 people have their payment cut because they receive some money from an overseas pension scheme.

--------------------

An already unpopular scheme to cut Kiwi pensions is being expanded, with the retired being pushed to hit up other countries for money first.

Faced with a growing elderly population, the Ministry of Social Development is targeting tens of thousands of newly retired people, urging them to apply for overseas state pensions - and save the Government millions.

The scheme is meant to prevent double-dipping, with $1 docked from New Zealand Super for every $1 received from overseas. The deductions apply even to a spouse of someone who receives an overseas pension.

The ministry will spend an extra $12 million over the next five years on the expanded pension- deduction plan, which it estimates will save the Government at least $49m and help pay for its $300m welfare shake-up.

The long-standing scheme, which dates back to 1938, already docks the Super payments of about 65,000 people receiving overseas state pensions, saving the Government about $237m a year. Most are from the eight countries with which New Zealand has a social security agreement, including Britain, Australia, Canada and Ireland.

But the scheme is unpopular with pensioners, and associate professor Susan St John, of Auckland University's retirement policy and research centre, has described it as "archaic" and "deeply inequitable".

Budget documents published last week show the scheme will now be expanded, partly because it is seen as an easy way to free up money to fund welfare reform.

"Easy options of saving have been largely exhausted," the papers say. "Unlike many other potential saving initiatives, the overseas pension collection initiative is available under current policy settings."

Social Development Minister Paula Bennett has been overseas in recent days, holding talks about extending pension portability schemes. She signed an agreement with Malta on Monday, and said she had also talked to her counterpart in Croatia.

The papers show the extra money for the ministry will be spent on 29 more staff to help people living in New Zealand apply for overseas pensions, and on a new IT system that will test an extra 10,000 new superannuitants a year.

Ministry senior services general manager Arthur Grooby said that, as the baby-boomers reached 65, the drain on New Zealand Super would rise. More money was needed to fairly test the entitlement of thousands of new superannuitants to ensure they were claiming any money they could from overseas schemes. This was a legal requirement. Fairfax NZ

Document SLANDT0020130709e97a0000f




Southwest Florida Estate Planning Attorney Eric Gurgold Receives AV Rating by Martindale Hubbell.

504 words
26 June 2013
PR.com (Press Releases)
PRCOM
NA
English
2013 Content Enterprises, Inc.      

Fort Myers, FL, June 26, 2013 --(PR.com)-- The Southwest Florida law firm of Henderson, Franklin, Starnes & Holt, P.A. is pleased to announce that Attorney Eric Gurgold has received an AV[R] Preeminent[TM] rating by Martindale-Hubbell. According to the website, the &#8220;Martindale-Hubbell[R] Peer Review Ratings[TM] help buyers of legal services identify, evaluate and select the most appropriate lawyer for a specific task at hand. Lawyer ratings serve as an objective indicator that a lawyer has the highest ethical standards and professional ability and are used by buyers of legal services to justify their hiring decisions.&#8221;

Gurgold is Florida Bar Board Certified in Wills, Trusts & Estates law. For over twenty-five years, he has concentrated his practice in the areas of estate planning and administration, elder law, probate litigation, title insurance claims related to probate issues, business law and taxation. Gurgold assists clients in the preparation of wills, trusts, family limited partnerships, inheritance and estate tax returns, as well as providing counsel to minimize income and estate taxes. He often lectures for accountants, attorneys, financial advisors, life insurance underwriters and community groups.

Gurgold is very active in the legal community and serves on the Estate and Trust Tax Planning Committee, as well as the Probate Law and Procedure Committee of The Florida Bar Real Property, Probate and Trust Law Section. He is also a member of the Charlotte County Estate and Tax Planning Council and Academy of Florida Elder Law Attorneys.

Gurgold is also a very active in the local community and serves on the Southwest Florida Community Foundation's Grant Advisory and Scholarship Review Committee, Charlotte County Community Foundation's Endowment Advisory Committee, Habitat for Humanity Lee and Hendry Counties' Planning Giving Committee, and Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida's Professional Advisors Network.

Gurgold received his undergraduate degree from Boston University (B.A., 1981), his law degree from New York Law School (J.D., 1984), and his Masters from Boston University School of Law (LL.M., Taxation, 1988). He can be reached at 239.344.1162 or via email at eric.gurgold@henlaw.com.

Henderson, Franklin, Starnes & Holt, P.A., is one of the largest law firms between Tampa and Miami. A full-service firm, Henderson Franklin has over 55 attorneys practicing in the areas of business and tax planning, estate planning, family law, commercial and civil litigation, immigration law, workers' compensation, employment law, real estate, and land use and environmental law. One of the state's oldest firms, Henderson Franklin was founded in Fort Myers in 1924 and operates offices in Fort Myers, Bonita Springs, and on Sanibel Island. For more information on Gurgold or Henderson Franklin, please visit www.henlaw.com.

Contact Information:

Henderson, Franklin, Starnes & Holt, P.A.

Gail Lamarche

239.344.1100

Contact via Email

www.henlaw.com

Read the full story here: http://www.pr.com/press-release/499400

Document PRCOM00020130627e96q0001b


 Junk Bond 2013 Returns Down To 0.5%, Avg Yield Jumps To 6.82%
Barron's Blogs, 01:38 AM, 26 June 2013, 504 words, By Michael Aneiro, (English)
Seems like just yesterday we were bemoaning the historically outrageous price and yield levels of the high-yield bond market. It's still only a month and a half since the average yield across the entire junk-bond market fell below 5% for ...
Document WCBBE00020130625e96p000rv



News
More people are getting caught by inheritance tax; ADVERTISING FEATURE Independent financial advice

504 words
24 June 2013
Daily Post
DPO
1; Northeast
16
English
(c) The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd, 2013.      

P Wealth & Investment reports that the amount of inheritance tax paid in the UK increased from £2.72bn in 2010/2011 to £2.91bn in 2011/12 and the number of individuals paying the tax also rose by 3,000, with a total of 20,000 estates becoming liable to the `death tax.' He says families are liable for a 40% inheritance tax bill on everything they inherit above the current `nil-rate band` of £325,000, although the allowance is doubled for married couples.

Paul says the current nil-rate band was set to increase to £329,000 this tax year; however, the Government has frozen the allowance until April 2018, which means even more people will be caught in the inheritance tax net.

He reveals: Indeed, according to estimates by the Office of Budget Responsibility, inheritance tax liabilities are set to rocket by an astonishing 40% by 2018 as a result of this measure.

Inheritance tax is undoubtedly a punitive tax, yet it is commonly referred to as a voluntary tax as it can be legitimately avoided with judicious financial planning.

"People need to be proactive in managing their financial affairs if they want to pass on their wealth intact."

So what can you do? Paul says there are a number of different steps that can be taken. One option is to give away a capital sum; however, you must survive for seven years after the date of the gift in order for it to avoid inheritance tax.

The person making the gift must also consider whether they can actually afford to lose access to that capital sum along with any income (such as dividends or interest) that is being generated by that capital, as they would not be able to retain any right to benefit from it in the future.

He continues: There are, nevertheless, a number of approved trust schemes that can help you to circumvent this particular problem.

For example, if you have investments that are being used to provide income then consideration could be given to wrapping all or part of those investments in a particular type of trust that will remove the portfolio out of the inheritance tax equation after seven years whilst still allowing you to draw an income from the underlying investments.

"Access to the capital in this type of trust would be lost, so it would be prudent to maintain liquidity outside the trust."

Paul adds that there are numerous other methods of mitigating inheritance tax, including holding investments which would qualify for Business Property Relief which generally will avoid inheritance tax after a two year holding period.

Quite often, it will be prudent to blend together various different solutions to achieve the required outcome. Professional advice should always be taken. ? Paul is a Chartered Financial Planner and a Fellow of the Personal Finance Society.

He is also an Affiliate Member of the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners.

Document DPO0000020130624e96o0000n




Barron's Blog:Energy MLPs Decline 2.8% For Week

504 words
22 June 2013
09:04 AM
Dow Jones Newswires
DJDN
English
Copyright (c) 2013, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

(This story has been posted on Barron's Online's Income Investing blog at http://blogs.barrons.com/incomeinvesting/)

By Dimitra DeFotis

The Alerian MLP Index fell 2.88% for the week, in line with the broader market.

The market-capitalization-weighted measure of 50 energy MLPs is now yielding 5.7%.

On Friday, the biggest moves higher in the energy master limited partnership benchmark came from TC PipeLines ( TCP), up 4.63%; Williams Partners ( WPZ), up 3.2%; Energy Transfer Equity ( ETE), up 3%; and Crestwood Midstream Partners ( CMLP), up 3%.

Friday's biggest Alerian decliners included Natural Resource Partners ( NRP), down 4.53%; DCP Midstream Partners ( DPM), down 4.2%; PVR Partners (PVR), down 4%; and Regency Energy Partners ( RGP), down 3.8%. Volume was heaviest in Energy Transfer and Regency.

While MLPs have pulled back from their highs in recent weeks, the Alerian index has outperformed... ... the Alerian index has outperformed the Standard & Poor's 500 Index so far this year, up 16.6% year to date with distributions, as MLP dividends are called. The S&P's total return is 12.8%.

On pullbacks, Credit Suisse Analyst John Edwards recently suggested sticking with what he deems high-quality, Outperform-rated partnerships and affiliated corporations: Williams Companies ( WMB), Access Midstream Partners ( ACMP), EQT Midstream Partners ( EQM), Genesis Energy ( GEL), Cheniere Energy( LNG)/ Cheniere Energy Partners ( CQP), MarkWest Energy Partners ( MWE), Sunoco Logistics Partners ( SXL), Targa Resources TRGP and Crosstex Energy ( XTEX) a partnership/ Crosstex Energy ( XTXI) the corporation.

Williams Partners (WPZ), the pipeline MLP attached to Williams Companies, has underperformed the Alerian MLP Index and the S&P 500 over the past month. Following a deadly explosion last week, Williams Partners said it doesn't know when it will resume production at a Louisiana olefins plant that produces ethylene and propylene. Chicago Bridge & Iron ( CBI) is expanding the plant as part of a $300 million project to be completed this fall. Bloomberg coverage here.

Other MLP tidbits: 


   -- In case you missed it: The Securities and Exchange Commission alleges a 
      senior Dallas equity trader at Cushing MLP Asset Management was 
      front-running client orders. And not for peanuts either, according to 
      this InvestmentNews story.  (Cushing is owned by Swank Capital, which is 
      among the larger MLP asset managers and has developed its own MLP 
      indexes.) By purportedly using privileged information to trade before 
      executing large orders for Cushing clients, the accused pocketed at least 
      $1.7 million over several years, the SEC claims. The SEC says the trader 
      used accounts registered to his wife for personal trades. 
 
   -- Correction Watch: MLPs tend to sell off after companies pay their 
      quarterly distribution. More on that in the MLP Correction Watch by Hinds 
      Howard at Guzman & Co. here and his weekly thoughts here. 
 
 For continuously updated news from Barron's, see Barrons.com at http://barrons.com. 
 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

June 21, 2013 19:04 ET (23:04 GMT)

Document DJDN000020130621e96l0066k




DJ Electronics Giants Push Back Against Kodak Retiree Deal

By Jacqueline Palank    
504 words
15 June 2013
02:10 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2013, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.    

Many of the world's biggest names in electronics and technology, from Canon to LG to Microsoft, are pushing back against the landmark deal Eastman Kodak Co. (EKDKQ) struck to resolve $2.8 billion in U.K. pension claims.

More than a dozen companies on Thursday filed court papers outlining their objections and concerns to a deal that Kodak calls the "centerpiece" of its restructuring: the transfer of its personalized-imaging and document-imaging businesses to its U.K. pensioners.

The deal, which covers such Kodak products and services as cameras, retail photo-printing kiosks and scanners, will not only resolve the $2.8 billion in U.K. pension claims but will also bring in $650 million in cash and noncash consideration to Kodak's bankruptcy estate.

The companies that filed objections say they don't have a problem with the idea of Kodak selling those businesses to its retirees, but they do have a problem with how they and the various agreements they have with Kodak--including patent license agreements--will fare in the sale.

"In their sale motion...the debtors repeat and expand upon aggressive strategies that they have employed in prior sale motions in this case," Nikon Corp. (NINOY, 7731.TO) said in its objection. "The sale motion, which is ambiguous, overreaching, and lacks adequate protection for parties-in-interest, misuses the plan and proposed order to the potential detriment of parties-in-interest, including Nikon."

Nikon's objection, which many of the other companies joined in, points out the deal's lack of protection for the companies' rights as well as the possibility that their agreements could be transferred to the pension plan without their consent or without paying off any amounts owed under them.

Among the companies joining in Nikon's concerns are Intel Corp. (INTC), International Business Machines Corp. (IBM), LG Electronics Inc. (066570.SE), Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) and Nokia Corp. (NOK). Other objections came in from Canon Inc. (CAJ, 7751.TO ), Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ), Imax Corp. (IMAX) and Sony Corp. (SNE, 6758.TO).

According to Kodak, however, the deal is "essential" to its ability to restructure.

"The debtors believe there is no foreseeable alternative to resolve these liabilities more favorably for the debtors than the [pension plan] global settlement," the company said in court papers.

The U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan will consider the deal, and the objections to it, at a hearing next Thursday.

Kodak, of Rochester, N.Y., sought Chapter 11 protection in January 2012. It is hoping to exit bankruptcy later this year under a restructuring plan that, in addition to incorporating the U.K. pension deal, would hand control of the company to its bondholders.

(Dow Jones Daily Bankruptcy Review covers news about distressed companies and those under bankruptcy protection. Go to http://dbr.dowjones.com    )

Write to Jacqueline Palank at jacqueline.palank@dowjones.com.

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

June 14, 2013 12:10 ET (16:10 GMT)

Document DJDN000020130614e96e003ts




Wealth Management (A Special Report) --- Armed for the Future: Gun Trusts Help Owners Legally Pass Down Firearms

By Rachel Emma Silverman 
504 words
10 June 2013
The Wall Street Journal
J
R4
English
Copyright 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Who gets the guns after you're gone?

Lawyers say a growing number of firearms owners are creating special gun trusts, which are designed to allow collectors to share and pass down firearms to loved ones without inadvertently breaking any laws. The trusts also make it easier for gun enthusiasts to procure certain restricted firearms, such as suppressors, because of a quirk in federal regulations.

Interest in these trusts is growing, lawyers say, after a series of recent mass shootings brought responsible gun ownership into the national conversation. That's because gun trusts, if drafted properly, may offer gun owners and their heirs some protection from future laws placing restrictions on gun ownership, they say.

"What's happening recently has really changed the landscape" of firearms planning, says David Goldman, a Jacksonville, Fla., lawyer, who helps clients set up gun trusts.

Even without the specter of stricter gun-control legislation, however, a complex patchwork of federal and state gun laws makes it easy for gun owners and their families to get into legal trouble when transferring or taking possession of firearms, especially restricted ones. A gun owner, for example, may not realize that an heir who is a legal medical marijuana user may be prohibited from owning a firearm under federal law. Creating a trust, a legal entity that holds the guns and is managed by a trustee (typically the gun owner) for beneficiaries, can help owners properly navigate this thicket of rules.

Having a trust is "a responsible way of owning a firearm," says Mr. Goldman. It "provides a set of rules for how you want your assets to be managed during your life, and in the event of your incapacity and beyond," he says.

Meanwhile, because of a legal loophole, collectors can buy certain restricted firearms, such as machine guns and short-barreled rifles, through trusts without having to get the approval of a local law-enforcement officer, like individual buyers do. Many gun trusts, in fact, are created for this purpose, says Dennis Brislawn, a Kirkland, Wash., lawyer who has drafted hundreds of gun trusts for clients.

A spokesman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives , the federal agency enforcing gun laws, says that applications to transfer restricted firearms to trusts or corporations has grown rapidly in recent years, to 39,354 last year from 26,376 a year earlier. He says the agency is reviewing a proposal to make firearms purchased through trusts subject to the same requirements as guns bought by individuals.

Setting up a gun trust can range from several hundred dollars to about $2,500 in lawyers' fees. Online gun-trust forms can be purchased for less than $100, but users should make sure they are compliant with federal and state laws.

---

Ms. Silverman is a Wall Street Journal staff reporter in Austin, Texas. She can be reached at rachel.silverman@wsj.com.

Document J000000020130610e96a00008




Money
Autonomy offers a taste of control

Penny Pryor      
504 words
5 June 2013
The Age
AGEE
First
3
English
© 2013 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited.      www.theage.com.au

Getting started

The growing SMSF market, which accounts for almost half a million funds with $496.2 billion in assets under management, has concerned the mainstream superannuation funds - both retail and industry - for years.

Having seen members leave to start up their own self-managed super funds, many are now providing "member-directed options", through which members can choose to tailor a suite of shares, fixed-income investments or other listed investments.

These are not entirely new. Ten years ago, one of the predecessors of AustralianSuper, the Australian Retirement Fund, launched an option that enabled members to invest in the top 100 ASX-listed shares.

The $12 billion HOSTPLUS has also signalled that it will launch a member-directed option by the end of the year.

The company's executive manager of strategy and marketing, Umberto Mecchi, says: "It's for those who are probably seeking some increased control.

"Our demographics show we've got a large number of members who are young, but we also have a very wealthy cohort in the over-50s section ... We just want to make sure [we cater to them]. The SMSF [growth] has demonstrated there is some popularity about people wanting to take control."

Legalsuper has teamed up with Macquarie Bank to offer a direct-investment option, while many other funds, such as the $7 billion AUSCOAL, are also working on options.

Whether the extra flexibility will stop members leaving to start up SMSFs is unclear, but most funds that offer them believe they can't afford not to.

AUSCOAL chief executive Bruce Watson says although it has little leakage to SMSFs, it wants to give members more control if they choose it. "The more engaged our members get, the more control they want."

Sunsuper is one fund that doesn't believe its members are crying out for such an option just yet.

"We hold the view that it's not going to stop members from going to SMSFs," says Teifi Whatley, Sunsuper's general manager of customer experience and insights. "Our research with our members has not suggested that it's a key priority."

Perhaps HOSTPLUS sums it up best when it calls it "SMSF lite".

These self-directed options give members some choice - and definitely at a lower cost than a full-scale SMSF - but they don't provide the same level of investment flexibility. For example, you won't be able to invest in single-asset property or artworks. But if you are becoming more engaged and want to exercise some control over your retirement savings, the new options offer a good trial run.

If things don't work out, it's much easier to transfer your funds back into a prescribed investment option within the fund. And if, through a taste of autonomy, you realise that running a fund by yourself isn't as easy as it might appear, perhaps that's a good thing.

David Potts is on leave.

Document AGEE000020130604e9650005m




Barron's Blog: Really This Time: Junk Bonds Seen Paying 'Coupon' Return in 2013

504 words
22 May 2013
05:23 AM
Dow Jones News Service
DJ
English
(c) 2013 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

(This story has been posted on Barron's Online's Income Investing blog at http://blogs.barrons.com/incomeinvesting/.)

By Michael Aneiro

It's a bit of a case of adjusting a forecast to catch up with reality, but Barclays just recently upped its 2013 junk-bond total return forecast to 6-8% from 4-6% (the market's already taken care of 5.45% of that). A bit more interesting is Barclays' look at the history of junk-bond annual returns, which famously never come close to the market's average coupon in any given year, typically undershooting or overshooting based largely on external factors.

Indeed, the Barclays U.S. High Yield Index has remarkably never returned between 6% and 10% (generally the junk-bond average yield range) in its 23-year history. BUT: that may just be a quirk of the Gregorian calendar, as Barclays finds that calculating twelve-month returns beginning in any other month besides January makes junk bonds far more predictable. Treasury rates play an unexpectedly big part too, and those are expected to be unusually muted this year. More from Barclays credit strategists Brad Rogoff, Eric Gross and Mike Kessler:

Even more important than the starting date has been the effect of rates on returns.... Over our 23-year sample period, the average high yield return was 11.2%. Of this, only 4.5% came in the form of excess returns, meaning 60% of total returns came from the Treasury component, on average. In fact, only three years have had total returns that were less than excess returns, meaning a move higher in Treasury yields hampered returns. Digging even deeper, five years have had excess returns between the magical 6% and 10% levels, but each time, a significant boost from Treasuries pushed the total above the 10% threshold.

So far, 2013 total and excess returns are essentially equal at 5.3% and 5.2%, respectively. We believe that a combination of a lack of rate volatility (the past week notwithstanding) and subdued credit volatility could produce 2013 returns that are the closest to coupon that we have ever seen in high yield. As a result of the increased reach for yield and our rates team's forecast that Treasuries will be little changed at year-end, we are raising our total return forecast from 4-6% to 6-8%. The middle of our range would see the market ending the year closer to a 5.5% yield to worst, as opposed to the current record low of 5%. We do not view this as bearish at all, but with fund flows slowing, corporate releveraging increasing, and the specter of a change in Fed policy as we approach year-end, it will be tough for high yield to hold on to all of its gains.


 
 -For continuously updated news from The Wall Street Journal, see WSJ.com at http://wsj.com. 
 

[ 05-21-13 1523ET ]

Document DJ00000020130521e95l000tm


Local
Silverman: Compare federal, family budgets

Gary Silverman; Times Record News      
504 words
19 May 2013
Times Record News
XTRN
English
Copyright 2013 Scripps Howard Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

What if the U.S. government were a family? You may have seen the analogy floating around the last couple of years comparing the debt and income of the U.S. government to that of an average family. How does the nation's budget compare to the standard family? Let's have fun with this example again.

Our fictitious family, the Joneses, earn $100,000 a year. Even though $100K a year is a nice income, our family spent over $135,000 last year, which means they borrowed the additional $35,000. Unfortunately, this is not the first time the Joneses borrowed to maintain their lifestyle. In fact they have about $500,000 in debt already.

So the Joneses (like our government) have recently adopted some cost-cutting measures. But the cost-cutting amounted to a little over $1,000 a year. That doesn't make much of a dent into their overspending and its impact on their total debt load is almost nonexistent.

If this was your family budget, you'd probably be freaking out. You wouldn't argue whether you needed to cut spending or increase income you'd do both. You know it's painful. You know there is no way around it. You know it will take a long time. And those promises you made the family about paying for college; that vacation in Hawaii; and your retirement dreams - well, prepare for disappointment.

Of course, when it comes to the Fed and their budget, the money they "make" (income - mostly from taxes) isn't spent on themselves. Instead, they have a family business and, as citizens, we are their customers. As a service to us, they help us make more money (jobs, worker training, child care, and infrastructure); thereby increasing the amount of money they get in return from those taxes. That is why there is a good argument to spend even more money on us (stimulus) to generate even more income.

The danger is they may not make back their investment; they may run out of money before the income starts to come in, and they already are spending a lot. If our Joneses were spending money on their kids' education with hopes of higher income to help out with their debt, they may have the same problems (the biggest being getting the kids to pay their parents back).

Of course the federal budget differs considerably from a household budget. A family has an eventual end to their earnings, while a country lives many, many generations. Our country is also in a good position to borrow a lot of money at very good rates. And the Fed can even make more dollars if they want to (quite illegal for a family to do).

Still, most of the family budget analogy works.

For those interested, you can find the federal budget at www.whitehouse.gov/omb and a real time view of the national debt at www.usdebtclock.org.

Document XTRN000020130520e95j0000g


Climate Change; Vancity Mortgage Offer Helps Its Members Partner in the Fight Against Climate Change

504 words
17 May 2013
Real Estate Weekly News
REWKN
95
English
© Copyright 2013 Real Estate Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2013 MAY 17 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Real Estate Weekly News -- With spring home-buying underway, Vancity is offering a limited-time rebate of $2,000 to homebuyers who make energy-efficiency upgrades to their houses and bring a new mortgage to or re-advance or refinance an existing mortgage with Vancity.

"We believe Vancity's Home Energy Rebate reflects shared values between Vancity and our members around environmental sustainability," says Rick Sielski, chief operating officer of member services at the credit union. "The offer invites members to work together with us to help deal with climate change. Vancity can't do it alone."

Sielski says Vancity is committed to including environmental principles in its business operations, including service to its members, as well as showing leadership on the issue in the community. "The home-energy rebate offer is just one example of that commitment," he says.

To help Vancity administer the Home Energy Rebate offer, FortisBC and Vancity are working together, with Vancity leveraging the FortisBC rebate process. Eligible FortisBC rebates include installing energy-efficient water heaters, fireplaces, furnaces or boilers. A rebate towards the cost of switching from oil-based or propane home heating to natural gas is also eligible.

"This offer is one more way of helping British Columbians save energy and money," says Sarah Smith, director of energy efficiency and conservation with FortisBC. "For example, customers may see yearly savings on their natural gas bill by upgrading a standard efficiency furnace to a high-efficiency natural gas model or by switching their water heater from a medium sized tank to a tankless heating system."

The offer applies to qualifying Vancity mortgages signed between May 1 and August 15, 2013. Vancity members must apply for the Vancity rebate within two weeks of signing the mortgage documents, then later show proof of application to and of receipt of the eligible FortisBC rebate before receiving the $2,000 Vancity rebate.

The offer supplements an existing mortgage program in which members and non-members who bring their mortgage to Vancity can save up to $1,500 in legal and appraisal fees, which is available until June 30.

Vancity has a long history of tackling climate change, from becoming the first carbon-neutral financial institution in North America in 2007, to helping raise millions of dollars in grants by cardholders using their Vancity enviro(TM) Visa.

Vancity is Canada's largest community credit union, and is committed to putting members first and supporting community initiatives that have social, economical and environmental benefits. Their values-based sustainable banking approach is recognized worldwide as a robust and resilient model with the ability to make an impact for the long term.

Keywords for this news article include: Energy, Mortgage, Oil & Gas, Natural Gas, Real Estate, Climate Change, Global Warming.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2013, NewsRx LLC

Document REWKN00020130510e95h0001a




 Library system considers property tax levy

SHAY MAUNZ                DAILY MAIL STAFF      
504 words
14 May 2013
Charleston Gazette
CGAZ
P2A
English
(Copyright 2013)      

The Kanawha County Library is preparing to present voters with a library-specific property tax that would provide the library system with about $3 million each year.

That's nearly 40 percent of the system's annual operating budget, and near the amount it regularly received from the Kanawha County school system until February. That's when the state Supreme Court ruled that the 1957 law forcing the school system to help fund the library was unconstitutional, ending a decade-long legal battle and leaving library officials scrambling to come up with another funding source.

Since that decision, the library and school system have been in constant talks, trying to sort out the funding relationship between the two public institutions.

In April, the school board agreed to help support the library for another year, contributing nearly $2 million for the next fiscal year.

But school board members have indicated the funding will end there, and both parties want the library to have an independent funding source. School board president Pete Thaw has been especially vocal in his opposition to any scenario that involves the library receiving additional funding from the school system.

Last month, the school board agreed to let the library take a levy to voters under the school system's umbrella - the library can't do it on its own, but the school system can sponsor a levy to benefit the library.

At their regular meeting Monday, the library's Board of Directors agreed to the idea of that levy - they'll officially vote on whether to approve the plan at their June meeting, when the details are clearer.

"Discussions have been good," President Michael Albert told his fellow library board members. "I think we have the basis or the framework for a settlement discussion."

The levy will probably take place in a special election on a Saturday in November, leaving plenty of time for the library to mount a campaign to get its tax approved.

One of the potential issues with the levy proposal is the question of whether the school board will also ask voters to approve an additional tax for the school system.

The school board has budget issues of its own - a projected $4.5 million deficit in 2014 - and has discussed the possibility of running an additional levy of its own. The deficit comes after the board voted to cap its excess levy last year, in the name of tax relief for the public.

Many school board members have said they now regret that decision and would like to seek additional tax support from the public. But the issue has been contentious, with Thaw saying he will refuse support any move to increase taxes.

The board has yet to take any official action on the issue, but Superintendent Ron Duerring has been asked to develop a plan to present to the board.

Contact writer Shay Maunz at shay.maunz@dailymail.com or 304-348-4886.

Document CGAZ000020130514e95e00026




EBN News
ETFs can now be placed into retirement plans

By Tom Steinert-Threlkeld        
504 words
13 May 2013
Employee Benefit News
EBNE
Vol.1, No.1
English
(c) 2013 Employee Benefit News and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved.      

Mid Atlantic Trust Company says it has resolved recordkeeping problems that have kept exchange-traded funds from being part of holdings in 401(k) and other retirement plans.

The state-chartered trust company says it has resolved a problem with fractional shares that result from trading in ETFs that have kept such funds from being kept in retirement plans. The firm says it will buy and sell whole shares in the market and hold fractional shares as necessary. This will allow "dollar certain" transactions that until this have prevented the information systems that keep track of funds from recognizing and tracking ETF shares.

Shares will be bought at end-of-day prices, allowing same-day settlement for recordkeeping purposes. Mutual funds historically have determined the value of their assets at the end of each trading day, for their investors. ETFs, however, follow the three-day settlement cycle of equities markets.

In postings to its website, Mid Atlantic says this will "allow record keepers the ability to handle ETFs using the same systems and processes they already have in place for trading mutual funds.''

Roughly $13 trillion are held in the United States in mutual funds, which surged in popularity in the '80s and '90s. At the end of 2012, $1.3 trillion was held in the U.S. in ETFs, which got started 20 years ago by State Street Corporation. The ability to trade shares in the funds as if they were shares of stock has made them an increasingly significant part of equities trading on national exchanges. In 2012, exchange-traded products accounted for 14.3% of all trading on stock markets in the United States.

A technology unit of the company, Mid Atlantic Financial Platforms, has introduced what it calls the ETFxChange, to resolve the recordkeeping issues and spur their use in retirement plans.

Shares of ETFs from BlackRock's family of iShares products, as well as ETFs from PowerShares, Wisdom Tree, State Street and Vanguard also can be handled by the system. Stadion Money Management in Watkinsville, Ga., confirms that it will use the platform on behalf of its customers. 

Roughly 90% of the assets under management at Stadion are placed into exchange-traded funds, according to vice president and portfolio manager Will McGough. But, until now, participants in the plan only see that a portion of their assets are held in the Stadion 2010 Target Date Fund, for instance. Now, investors will see the individual ETFs being bought and sold, as McGough or another manager allocates the purchases or sales across all participants.

Two-thirds of the assets placed in funds managed by Stadion are held in qualified retirement plans, McGough says.

Mid Atlantic also launched a related ModelxChange that allows money managers, investment advisors and plan recordkeepers to create and maintain investsing models for 401(k) plans that mix ETFs with mutual funds.

Tom Steinert-Threlkeld is Editorial Director of SourceMedia's Money Management Group.

Document EBNE000020130513e95d0005l


Local
Silverman: Leaving a job? Do 401(k) research

Gary Silverman; Times Record News      
504 words
12 May 2013
Times Record News
XTRN
English
Copyright 2013 Scripps Howard Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

The first, and sometimes only, introduction you may have to investing is through your 401(k) plan at work. This could leave you vulnerable from the get-go, although you may not realize it. After all, the 401(k) plan provider is vetted and hired by your company to administer the retirement plan, so most would assume the provider will give you great advice. But a recent Government Accountability Office (GAO) report may lead you to reconsider those assumptions when it comes to how providers handle questions from employees leaving their current companies. The result sometimes sounds a bit more like a sales tactic than pure advice.

When an employee has left a company and wants to get money out of the plan, the only option is to have a conversation with the provider. These providers are usually large insurance or mutual fund companies who make a lot of their money by convincing people to put their investments with them to manage. So if an employee getting ready to leave a company calls up and asks about the 401(k), the person on the other end of the phone has a bit of a bias. Of course they want that 401(k) money rolled over into an IRA managed by their firm.

In fact, many times when our office helps a client with this, we go to the provider's website to download a form to start the rollover process and find the only instructions and forms available are to roll the plan into that firm's accounts. Want to move it somewhere else? No problem, just call and talk to one of their sales people er advisors."

But a rollover sometimes isn't the best option and it is never the only option. So what happens if the employee doesn't know what to do and calls to ask the provider what they should do about the money in their former employer's 401(k)? Well, according to the GAO report, it seems that about one-third of the firms recommend the IRA rollover without taking time to find out anything about the employee's situation or discussing the other options they have. (There were many other troubling things that came out of this investigation, but you get the drift.)

If you are leaving a job and have a 401(k) there, a discussion of options should indeed include a rollover to an IRA. And more often than not this is the best recommendation. But you should also discuss and consider keeping the money where it is, rolling it into your new employer's plan, or even cashing it out.

While the majority of plan providers seem to do a decent job helping the plan participant navigate an exit strategy, with one-third allowing their greed to get in the way, it is a good idea to do your homework before you make that call or visit a representative.

Document XTRN000020130513e95c0000b


New models beckon as reforms drive broker revenues down

Paloma Migone      
504 words
30 April 2013
The Trade
TRDE
English
© 2013. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

New rules on OTC derivatives will accelerate the shift of investment banks' fixed income, currencies and commodities business to electronic trading over the next three years, a new report has found.

New rules on OTC derivatives will accelerate the shift of investment banks' fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) business to electronic trading over the next three years, a new report has found.

Deutsche Bank yesterday released a report on the impacts of new swaps regulation on future investment banking income in Europe, which suggested pressure on margins would herald further consolidation.

It found that changes introduced under the European market infrastructure regulation (EMIR) and proposed revisions to the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive in Europe (MiFID) reinforced the migration of FICC business to commoditised electronic trading already underpinned by capital and liquidity requirements of Basel III.

Both the Dodd-Frank and EMIR have introduced reporting and central clearing rules for derivatives. Under MiFID II standardised OTC derivatives will be traded on exchanges or electronic trading platforms, such as organised trading facilities or multilateral trading facilities.

The report said the push to move derivatives on to exchanges or alternative venues will see banks lose the ability to warehouse. The loss of revenue in G-10 rates trading would be felt most sorely because it is "the most lucrative part of the investment banking FICC complex".

"We expect the general trend of FICC trading moving to electronic venues to accelerate over the next two to three years. MiFID2 in 2015 may end up being the capstone to these changes, rather than the starting point," the report said.

 "This will leave investment banks charging for market access, and less able to extract rent," the report said.

As a result, investment banks could face a loss of US$17 billion in sales and trading revenues by 2016.

European banks were more at risk than US banks because of dependence on swaps revenues and the Financial Transaction Tax being considered by 11 euro-zone states, the report said.

Even though electronic trading tended to be more transparent and cheaper, the overall costs of trading may rise as a result of collateral requirements, said Deutsche Bank. As well as reducing margins and increasing costs in the long term, the migration of OTC derivatives would be particularly painful in the short term.

"We expect dual running of systems to put upward pressure on costs, making downward pressure on compensation more important than ever. We think the long-run results of these changes will be a wave of industry exists from FICC sales and trading by second tier players."

The report described banks with less than a 6% market share as "at risk" of exit from full-service FICC sales and trading.

The closure of smaller institutions could lead to further concentration, with the top five FICC houses controlling 55% of the market in the next three years, up from 46% in 2012 and 36% in 2007, the report said.

Document TRDE000020130425e94o00001


 Coming soon: More estate-tax battles
WSJ Blogs, 02:09 AM, 30 April 2013, 504 words, By Glenn Ruffenach, (English)
The word "permanent" - at least in the corridors of Washington, D.C. - doesn't mean what you think it means. And that should prompt you to keep a close eye on your estate plans.
Document WCWSJB0020130429e94t004ee



70pc of retirees could be entitled to more income in retirement; Don't accept your provider's annuity offer before reading this...

504 words
25 April 2013
10:43 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2013. Telegraph Media Group Ltd.      

It's a tricky time to be coming up to retirement. Market conditions have led to low annuity rates. According to annuity provider MGM Advantage, over a typical 18-year retirement, a pension pot of £50,000 would today generate £10,224 less income compared with an annuity from just two years ago.

So if there was something you could do to increase your retirement income significantly, wouldn't you want to find out more?

Who is entitled to higher income?

Recent research by MGM Advantage has found that 70pc of retirees could qualify for a better income due to health or lifestyle conditions.

According to MGM Advantage's figures, you could secure as much as 30pc more income on reaching retirement, although this depends on your individual circumstances.

This extra income could help with today's increased cost of living, such as food and fuel bills, which many pensioners are now finding a struggle.

What conditions could have an impact?

According to Partnership, the top five medical conditions that have an effect on enhanced annuity rates are:

- Diabetes

- Cancer

- Stroke

- High blood-pressure

- Chronic obstructive

pulmonary disease

When it comes to lifestyle conditions, being a smoker - or even where you live - can have a big effect on the amount of income you will receive.

Make sure you declare all past and present conditions when you are looking to convert your pension into an annuity.

What should I do about it?

Although it is tempting to accept the first offer from your pension provider, by utilising your Open Market Option you can find out if your pension fund could secure you a higher level of income from another provider. Your existing provider's offer is unlikely to take into account your personal circumstances, such as whether you might qualify for an enhanced annuity. So it's strongly recommended that you obtain financial advice and shop around to see if you come away with a significantly higher income.

The Telegraph has teamed up with Skipton Financial Services Limited (SFS), who can help you explore your options and make the most of your pension fund.

Where appropriate, SFS will put you in touch with UK-based annuity specialists Gateway Specialist Advice Services, who can search for an alternative retirement annuity/income option on your behalf.

Being a smoker - or even where you live - can have a big effect on the amount of income you will receive

Reader offer

For more information about your annuity options, call the Telegraph Retirement Service, provided by Skipton Financial Services, on 0800 085 1911 quoting 'AD25'.

Gateway and SFS offer Restricted advice. Please note, annuity rates depend on your individual circumstances, such as health & lifestyle factors, as well as the rates available at the time of purchase. For other retirement income solutions, the capital value and any income can rise and fall and your capital is at risk.

Document TELUK00020130425e94p000vv




LETTERS
Old buildings need checking

504 words
15 April 2013
Herald-Sun
HERSUN
1 - FIRST
21
English
© 2013 News Limited. All rights reserved.      

ABOUT three years ago, during restoration of my daughter's corrugated iron roof on her apartment, a former 1885 warehouse off Lonsdale St, we noticed the sandstone urns and lintels had large bits missing on the sections overhanging the lane, 15m below.

Clearly these bits had fallen over the years, and the rest could go at any time.

My conscience said someone needed to act, and I had to be that someone, so off I went to Town Hall to report the danger.

A young man rang me back to say ``Oh we can't get up there, it's too high, so we can't do anything about it''.

In light of the three deaths in the brick wall collapse in Swanston St, would it not be wise for councillors to instruct the bureaucrats to get off their backsides and make an effort to assess all the old buildings for potential falling matter before someone else gets killed?

Roger Dunkley, Chirnside Park

Foggy ideas

THE current debate on superannuation seems to be getting more and more predicated on ``smoke and mirrors'' arguments, ignoring basic facts. Governments approach superannuation as though it is a cost to them, when in fact the individual taxpayer and employer actually put the money into the compulsory superannuation system.

Public servants and politicians' superannuation is a direct cost to the taxpayer and their retirement incomes are guaranteed regardless, whereas the individual taxpayer is reliant on performance competency of the superannuation industry for their retirement income.

Tax concessions seem to come about when politicians assess their financial futures after three or four terms in parliament and develop policies that maximise their future retirement benefits.

When he retires, the Treasurer can look forward to $168,000 a year for the rest of his life.

The problem with governments trying to reduce expenditure on old-age pensions is that people with insufficient retirement income are disadvantaged by the government means test on individual assets, which reduce the amount of age pension entitlement once the individual's assets reach $230,000.

This, and the suggestion that 11 million taxpayers put an extra $25,000-$35,000 into superannuation voluntarily each year, indicates to me that politicians have lost the plot when trying to formulate fair and equitable tax and superannuation policies.

D. MacDonald, Bayswater

Travel a perk

TO answer Mark La Brooy's question (50/50, Apr 11) about why Financial Services and Superannuation Minister Bill Shorten is in China: he is another politician on a taxpayer-funded sightseeing tour, with the blessing of Julia Gillard, or whoever is running the country.

Labor or Liberal, it is all the same.

Adrian Veldhoven, Lara

Fibre warfare

TONY Abbott and Malcolm Turnbull are engaging in class warfare with their third-rate NBN plan.

Of course, people who can afford it will pay the several thousand dollars required to obtain fibre to the home, leaving those less well-off having to put up with moribund copper connections.

Gerald Paige, Albert Park

Document HERSUN0020130414e94f0001w



Homes
Answering those taxingRRSP questions

LAURA PARSONS, BMO BANK OF MONTREAL      
504 words
13 April 2013
The Calgary Sun
CLGSUN
Final
H24
English
2013 Sun Media Corporation      

After speaking with customers and friends, there is still confusion about the government's RRSP First Home Buyers Program.

Questions such as "What's the maximum I can withdraw?" "When do I have to pay it back?" "What are the tax implications?" and others linger in the back of first-time homebuyers' minds.

What is the First Home Buyers Program? It is a program that allows first-time home buyers to withdraw a maximum of $25,000 from their RRSP in order to fund their downpayment.

But, these RRSP contributions must be in the account for at least 90 days before they can be used and must be repaid within 15 years of the withdrawal.

For those who find this option interesting, but lack the current funds, there are ways to get there. First, find out how much RRSP contribution room you have.

This can be checked from the bottom of your notice of income tax assessment which everyone receives annually.

Or, if you cannot locate yours, you can log into the Canada Revenue Agency's website to find out.

Once you determine how much room you have remaining in your RRSP, you can come up with a plan to top it up.

One idea is to take out a loan such as BMO RRSP ReadiLine and use the funds to contribute to your RRSP.

The loan can then be repaid and you can receive a tax credit for the RRSP contribution, which can be used to build your downpayment or help repay the loan.

After you've withdrawn an amount under the First Home Buyers Program from your RRSP, you must repay it within 15 years but you have a two-year grace period before you have to start paying it back.

So if you withdrew the full $25,000, then you would need to repay approximately $1,670 per year.

Let's say after the two-year grace period, you only repay $1,000 during the third year. The remaining $670 would become taxable income, which could mean you might owe the government some income tax.

So it's good idea to ensure that you'll have the ability to repay the amount you withdrew drew from your RRSP within 15 years. Speak to your tax advisor to get more information about the tax implications of contributing to your RRSP and withdrawing RRSP money under the First Home Buyers Program.

Did you know that if you have not owned a home in the past five years, you may still qualify for the First Home Buyers Program?

If you have any questions you can e-mail me or speak with a Mortgage Specialist to discuss your strategy.

Laura Parsons is an area manager of mortgage specialists at BMO Bank of Montreal. You can reach her at laura. parsons@bmo.com

Sun file photo \    The First Home Buyers Program allows buyers to withdraw $25,000 from their RRSP to fund their downpayment.      

Document CLGSUN0020130413e94d00016




DJ Tax Havens Shift as Luxembourg, Switzerland Loosen Bank Secrecy

By Arden Dale 
504 words
11 April 2013
04:13 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2013, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

It is still possible to hide a fortune in Europe, even as Switzerland, Luxembourg and some other countries known for bank privacy give up their secrets under pressure.

Britain and its Channel Islands, for example, are favorite destinations for some who want to keep money below the radar of tax authorities and out of sight of the world in general.

"The city of London is its own secret jurisdiction," said Nicole Tichon, executive director of the Tax Justice Network USA, a not-for-profit organization in Washington, D.C., that tracks tax evasion around the globe.

Guernsey and Jersey, two of the British crown dependencies that make up the Channel Islands, are home to secret money.

Overall, Europe is becoming a less favored destination for secret wealth, losing ground to havens elsewhere, such as Singapore and Hong Kong. Switzerland has been loosening its once-tight secrecy laws. On Wednesday, Luxembourg announced plans to begin sharing information on its bank-account holders with other European countries.

Tax havens everywhere are under pressure from the U.S. and some other countries, such as Germany, which seek greater banking transparency. The U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, passed in 2010, aims to prevent tax evasion by U.S. citizens and includes penalties for foreign financial institutions that don't disclose American account holders.

Some tax experts argue that as the effects of FATCA spread, there will be few safe hiding places left. Tax whistleblowers, better coordination between countries, and aggressive enforcement are making a dent.

Asia is next for enforcement efforts. Latin America may be lagging behind Europe but the tax police will catch up there, according to Scott D. Michel , a tax-compliance expert and a partner in the Washington, D.C., office law firm Caplin & Drysdale .

"There may be some rogue countries in Latin America that will ignore it, but would you want to give your money to a bank in a country run by Hugo Chavez's successor?" said Mr. Michel.

There are believed to be trillions of dollars now in offshore hiding places. A report on tax havens last week by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists looked at a number of jurisdictions, including Singapore and the Cook Islands, and detailed the offshore holdings of people and companies in more than 170 countries and territories.

For some who track global tax evasion, the U.S. tops the list of places to hide money. Delaware is a leader in trusts that are constructed to minimize or, often enough, eliminate any taxes on the wealth they contain. Some critics say they amount to a legal form of tax evasion.

"Those who are well connected and wealthy are still able to make their way through the system," said Ms. Tichon.

Write to Arden Dale at arden.dale@dowjones.com.

Subscribe to WSJ: http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

April 10, 2013 14:13 ET (18:13 GMT)

Document DJDN000020130410e94a004nd


Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:36 PM
    
