 


News
Intervention was the right thing to do

Ros Altmann 
504 words
30 September 2022
i
IIND
1ST
9
English
© 2022 All Rights Reserved. 

FINANCE

The Bank of England's extraordinary intervention in the UK Government bond market was absolutely necessary. Despite representing an embarrassing U-turn on its recently announced plans to sell £80bn of gilts into the markets, its emergency purchases helped restore stability to UK financial markets.

The need for temporary giltbuying was catalysed by problems arising in UK pension funds, which hold hundreds of billions of pounds in UK gilts.

Record low gilt yields in recent years meant government bond prices rose sharply, earning pension funds large profits. However, with global inflation and interest rates rising all over the world, bond yields have risen during 2022, resulting in significant capital losses for pension investors. The money received from past profits helped them manage those losses but in recent days the situation dramatically worsened.

The loss of confidence in sterling through September sparked a rushed exit from UK assets, pushing 30-year gilt yields above 4 per cent. The day after International Monetary Fund warnings about the direction of UK economic policy, international investors accelerated sales or shorting of UK gilts, causing yields to crash through 5 per cent.

The sudden collapse in gilt prices led financial companies to demand more cash collateral to cover pension fund losses. A £1bn pension fund was, perhaps, suddenly facing cash calls of over £100m. Instead of the usual one or two weeks to allow time for orderly sales, they demanded the money in one or two days. This created a negative spiral because pension funds had run out of buffers and faced either selling gilts or other assets into the falling markets or risking default.

The Bank of England's remit to protect financial stability, required it to step in and stop the situation spinning out of control, reducing 30-year yields to 4 per cent.

Pension funds have been stabilised but it is important to stress that final-salary scheme members were not going to lose all their pensions. They are protected by the Pension Protection Fund, which insures 80-90 per cent of their promised pension.

Defined contribution pension scheme members, whose pensions depend on their investments, and do not promise a specific pension, may have been more severely affected. These funds often have significant investments in gilts and bonds, supposedly to reduce risk and provide stability, but rising bond yields have caused large losses. There is no insurance or employer to underpin these pensions and further bond market crises would mean even lower pensions for members.

The Bank of England's intervention is only a temporary measure. More must be done to restore market confidence. If we are to avoid ongoing financial crises, and pension fund damage, Government must restore confidence in UK economic management. This could include lowering taxes on a wider tax base, boosting private investment, or cutting spending, instead of further unfunded tax cuts.

Baroness Ros Altmann is a Tory peer and pensions expert

Government must restore confidence in UK economic management

Document IIND000020220930ei9u0004t




SIX STATES FILE A CHALLENGE TO THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION'S STUDENT LOAN CANCELLATION PROGRAM

504 words
29 September 2022
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2022. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 29 -- The Nebraska attorney general issued the following news release:

Today, six states filed a challenge to the Biden Administration's student loan cancellation program in federal court in Missouri. In it, they ask the Court for an immediate temporary restraining order pausing the program. Prompt relief is being sought because the Biden Administration has indicated it will start cancelling loan balances as early as next week.

Just a few months ago, the Supreme Court warned federal agencies against "asserting highly consequential power beyond what Congress could reasonably be understood to have granted" by statute. Yet the Biden Administration's recently announced student loan cancellation program-the Mass Debt Cancellation-does precisely that.

Determined to pursue across-the-board debt cancellation and stymied by repeated failures to achieve that goal through legislation, the Administration resorted to the now-concluded COVID-19 pandemic and a federal law that applies in the context of military operations or national emergencies as its justification for taking this dramatic action.

In addition to being economically unwise and inherently unfair, the Biden Administration's Mass Debt Cancellation is another example in a long line of unlawful regulatory actions. No statute permits President Biden to unilaterally relieve millions of individuals from their obligation to pay loans they voluntarily assumed.

This burden of economic loss will do little to benefit the working class and the poor. The majority of the Mass Debt Cancellation will accrue to the debt borrowers in the top 60 percent of the income distribution. It is fundamentally unfair for those who can least afford it to provide through their tax dollars relief to the well-off who can afford to pay their own loans.

The law that the Biden Administration relies on is known as the Higher Education Relief Opportunities for Students Act of 2003 (HEROES Act). But it has never been used to do anything like this before. It is inconceivable that when Congress passed the HEROES Act, it thought it was authorizing the President to unilaterally decree something like the Mass Debt Cancellation, which will result in around half a trillion dollars in losses to the federal treasury.

The Mass Debt Cancellation is not remotely tailored to address the effects of the pandemic on federal student loan borrowers, as required by the HEROES Act. The Cancellation instead disregards the Act's objectives and express requirements and distorts the Act beyond recognition in the service of the Administration's political agenda on student loans. It is unlawful and arbitrary agency action, and it should be immediately set aside.

No borrower will be disadvantaged by an immediate court order delaying the loan cancellation program because loan repayments and interest accruals have been paused since March 2020.

States joining in the filing include: Arkansas, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, and South Carolina.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document INDFED0020220930ei9t0010n




Senator Reverend Warnock Introduces Bill to Ensure Georgia Car Buyers, Automakers Fully Benefit from Cost-Cutting Tax Credits; Today, Senator Reverend Warnock introduced the Affordable Electric Vehicles for America Act which would create a phase-in period for the electric vehicle (EV) sourcing and manufacturing requirement provisions for automakers that was included in the final version of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA); Sen. Raphael G. Warnock (D-GA) News Release

504 words
29 September 2022
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2022 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

Washington, D.C. - Today, U.S. Senator Reverend Raphael Warnock (D-GA) introduced the Affordable Electric Vehicles for America Act which would create a phase-in for the electric vehicle (EV) sourcing and manufacturing requirement provisions for automakers that was included in the final version of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA). The Affordable Electric Vehicles for America Act will ensure Georgians may immediately and fully benefit from the cost-cutting and job-creating provisions of the IRA, including tax credits that will lower the costs of electric vehicles.

"I'm focused squarely on helping Georgia car buyers save money and helping car manufacturers who do business in our state thrive. The Affordable Electric Vehicles for America Actwill lower costs for Georgians and provide consumers more options when purchasing an electric vehicle, while also supporting good-paying jobs across our state and bolstering Georgia automakers like Hyundai. I'm going to do everything I can to get this bill over the finish line," said Senator Reverend Warnock.

The Affordable Electric Vehicles for America Act would delay the IRA's phase-in period for automakers to follow specific sourcing requirements for their EVs in order for car buyers to qualify for the federal tax credit. These requirements include: requiring the EVs to be manufactured in North America; requiring EV batteries to be made domestically; and mandating that critical minerals used in battery production are only sourced domestically or from nations with whom America has a free trade agreement. Georgia automakers need additional time to meet these new on-shoring requirements and bring planned domestic EV facilities online, including the forthcoming Hyundai EV facility scheduled to open in 2025 in Bryan County, GA.

Senator Warnock has been a vocal champion for creating green jobs and reducing America's reliance on fossil fuels. Last week, Senator Reverend Warnock pushed the Biden Administration to implement the IRA's EV tax credit provision with "maximum flexibility" to ensure Georgia car buyers and manufacturers can fully benefit. In February, Senator Warnock announced that he secured nearly $20 million in funds from the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to build out Georgia's EV infrastructure network across the state. Additionally, Senator Warnock has been in frequent contact with Hyundai about the auto manufacturer's footprint and future in Georgia, and has encouraged efforts on the federal level to bolster the company's presence--as well as EV and EV battery manufacturing, in general--in the state.

Read this original document at: https://www.warnock.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/senator-reverend-warnock-introduces-bill-to-ensure-georgia-car-buyers-automakers-fully-benefit-from-cost-cutting-tax-credits/

Document CONGDP0020220930ei9t000ch




Daily
10 Markets Where Sellers Are Cutting Home Prices the Most

Shaina Mishkin 
504 words
29 September 2022
10:51 PM
Barron's Online
BON
English
Copyright 2022 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Sellers reduced their asking prices on roughly one in five U.S. home listings in September, according to data released today. The price cuts come as higher mortgage rates increase the cost of financing a home purchase, weighing on both buyers and sellers.

The share of listings with price reductions in September was 19.5%, according to Realtor.com's housing report-a 2022 high and up from 11% last September. (Barron's and the company that operates Realtor.com are both owned by News Corp.)

Some metropolitan areas in September saw more frequent reductions than others. Of the 50 largest metropolitan areas, the share of listings with price cuts was greatest in Phoenix; Austin; Las Vegas; Denver; Sacramento, Calif.; Dallas; Tampa, Fla.; Nashville, Tenn.; Portland, Ore.; and Jacksonville, Fla. The share of listings with price reductions in these markets ranged from 44% in Phoenix to 25.7% in Jacksonville.

The latest data illustrates a reset in seller expectations compared with the same month last year. With the exception of Portland, the metropolitan areas listed above also experienced the greatest year-over-year increase in the share of listings with price reductions.

Nationally, homes also took longer to sell, with the typical home spending seven more days on the market this month than during September 2021. Compared with the year prior, days on the market increased most in Raleigh, N.C.; Austin; Las Vegas; Phoenix; Charlotte N.C.; Riverside, Calif.; Denver; Nashville; Orlando, Fla.; and Sacramento.

Despite the uptick in price cuts, the median listing price in September remained higher than year-ago levels in all but two of the large metropolitan areas: Pittsburgh and New Orleans. The median listing price nationally was $427,000, representing a year-over-year increase of 13.9%, Realtor.com said.

The data is the latest to illustrate the housing market's quick shift from the early pandemic's buying frenzy to today's affordability-driven pullback as mortgage rates rise. The average 30-year fixed rate more than doubled this year as the Federal Reserve has tightened monetary policy to combat inflation, according to weekly Freddie Mac data.

Higher mortgage rates is one reason why the National Association of Realtors earlier this week revised down its existing-home sale and price expectations for 2023. The trade group expects sales to slump to their slowest annual rate since 2012 next year, and foresees annual price growth of 1.2%.

Amid the gloomy news is a potential bright spot for prospective buyers: the slower market could result in more wiggle room for those previously pushed to the sidelines by competition earlier in the pandemic. "For prospective buyers grappling with affordability, you may have more bargaining power than you realize, particularly in areas where time on market is rising," Danielle Hale, chief economist of Realtor.com, said.

Write to Shaina Mishkin at shaina.mishkin@dowjones.com

10 Markets Where Sellers Are Cutting Home Prices the Most

Document BON0000020220929ei9t0015p


 Jonas Eidevall hails Arsenal ticket sales after record crowd: 'That's how you run a football club' Jonas Eidevall has emphasised the...
90min, 10:00 AM, 24 September 2022, 504 words, Ali Rampling, (English)
Jonas Eidevall has re-emphasised the significance of Arsenal breaking the WSL attendance record through ticket sales alone, as opposed to handing out freebies or offering discounts.
Document WC75194020220925ei9o0000d

 Individual Health Insurance Market Is Going to Boom : Niva Bupa, Bharti AXA Life, Zurich Insurance
SBWire, 10:15 PM, 23 September 2022, 504 words, (English)
New Jersey, USA -- (SBWIRE) -- 09/23/2022 -- The latest study released on the Global Individual Health Insurance Market by AMA Research evaluates market size, trend, and forecast to 2027. The Individual Health Insurance market study covers ...
Document WC46910020220923ei9n00002

 Shoreview, MN ShoreView, MN diverts stormwater runoff using second generation permeable pavement in neighborhoods The City of Shoreview...
The Atlas, 05:47 AM, 22 September 2022, 504 words, (English)
Shoreview, MN wanted to better manage polluted stormwater that often drained into Lake Owasso and complicated Clean Water Act compliance.
The city of Shoreview, MN, (pop. 26,000) began renovating its streets in 1985 as part of the Street ...
Document WC76058020220921ei9l00003



Biden touts Inflation Reduction Act, critics say student loan cancellation offsets gains

504 words
14 September 2022
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2022, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Missouri Western State College ; St Joseph, MO - news

By

(The Center Square) - President Joe Biden touted the recently passed Inflation Reduction Act during a speech Tuesday, but analysts point to the recent student debt cancellation as an "offset" of any reduced inflation and federal debt reduction.

Biden, joined by Vice President Kamala Harris, praised spending items in the bill, pointing to deficit reductions in the legislation and overall since the COVID-era spike in relief spending.

"So I don't want to hear it anymore about big-spending Democrats," he said. "We spend, but we pay."

A recent analysis from the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, however, found that that the cost to taxpayers to cancel $10,000 to $20,000 per borrower in student debt will more than offset the debt and inflationary benefits of the IRA.

The Congressional Budget Office said that the IRA will cut the deficit by $238 billion over the next decade.

More from this section

AHA News: She Had a Stroke During a Video Call With Her Congressional Representative

How to Start Saving for Your Kids' College

Fewer Pet Neuterings in Pandemic Means Shelters Are Filling Up

But the CRFB estimates Biden's debt cancellation will cost taxpayers more than double that amount, offsetting those gains twofold.

"The student debt cancellation and relief measures recently announced by the Biden Administration will cost roughly $500 billion over ten years under our estimates, wiping out the $238 billion of ten-year deficit reduction from the Inflation Reduction Act more than two times over," the group said. "In total, we estimate the student debt proposals will cost as much as the first 16 years of IRA deficit reduction on a nominal basis and the first 21 years of deficit reduction on a present value basis."

The group goes on to say its analysis is likely "generous" in the Biden administration's favor.

"Our estimates may prove overly generous, as they are based on our central estimate, do not incorporate a likely uptick in loans as a result of the new policies, and assume smooth implementation of the IRA," the CRFB said. "Under our higher-end estimate of the student loan plan, it will consume roughly 18 years of IRA savings on a nominal basis and roughly 25 years on a present value basis. If expiring Affordable Care Act subsidy expansions were extended without offsets in the IRA, the student loan plan might consume over 25 years of the savings on a nominal basis, and it is not clear whether such a plan would ever generate enough deficit reduction to finance the student debt cancellation on a present value basis.

"In addition, as we have pointed out before, the inflationary effects of the new student debt plan will far outweigh any disinflationary effects from the IRA," the group added.

Originally published on thecentersquare.com, part of the TownNews Content Exchange.

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020220914ei9e001bd




Money,News Money,Aldi,Deals and sales,Dogs,Money saving,Pets,Shopping advice
ULTIMUTT DEAL Aldi's new £40 Specialbuy item is perfect for dog owners

Olivia Marshall 
504 words
14 September 2022
02:47 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

If you click on a link in this story we may earn affiliate revenue.

ALDI has released a velvet sofa bed for your cat or dog, just in time for the longer nights.

As winter creeps ever closer, the Aldi sofa bed is ideal for your pet to curl up on as the temperature drops.

It is part of Aldi's Specialbuy range - a unique range of products that you can find online and in store.

The sofa bed comes in grey velour, so it's super stylist to be displayed in your home.

The budget supermarket says it is ideal for small dogs and cats.

It will set you back £39.99 - although that's much cheaper than other similar pet beds we found for sale.

For example, John Lewis has a pet lounge faux leather sofa for £110, while Wayfair.co.uk has a similar sofa for £69.99.

But it's only a good deal if you were thinking of buying something similar already.

It's also always a good idea to shop around to see if you can find a better price elsewhere.

If you're thinking of buying the pet sofa bed you'll have to be quick, as with all Specialbuys, once they're gone, they're gone.

It is also only available to buy online, and will not be sold in any of Aldi's 900 stores.

But if you're looking to pamper your pet even more, Aldi is also selling a grey, scalloped dog chair.

It's a bit more pricey than the sofa at £44.99, but Aldi says it gives your pets the perfect place to relax.

It is available to pre-order today, and can be bought instore from Sunday, September 18.

Aldi is closing all of its store on Monday, September 19 to make the Queen's funeral - you can see the full list of stores closing their doors here.

What are Aldi Specialbuys?

Aldi Specialbuys are products available at competitive prices across all departments, including home, beauty and appliances.

They are often items in high demand, with many being limited edition products or incredible dupes of well know brands that are a fraction of the cost.

On the website, Aldi describes the them as "the deals on homeware, gardening, toys and more."

What time do Aldi Special buys go online?

Aldi Specialbuys drop every Thursday and Sunday, but what time do they land online?

The Thursday launch sees Specialbuys go live at 8am, while on Sundays items are released a little later in the morning, at 10am.

If you're looking for some Aldi insider secrets, we've rounded up the four things you need to know to get a great deal at the supermarket.

You can also check out top tips for saving money when you're shopping at Lidl and Wilko.

Document THESUK0020220913ei9d008hm




Students react to Biden's student debt relief plan

504 words
12 September 2022
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2022, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

University of Mississippi ; University, MS - news

By Alyssa Conrad

Graphic by Savannah Shook.

Recently, President Joe Biden made good on his promise to forgive student loan debt. In an official statement addressing the student loan relief plan released on Aug. 24, Biden said it will allow people to "finally crawl out from under that mountain of debt to get on top of their rent and utilities, to finally think about buying a home or starting a family or starting a business."

Citizens with annual adjusted gross salaries less than $125,000 (or $250,000 per household) will receive $10,000 off their student loan debt. Citizens with qualifying salaries who are also eligible for a Pell Grant will receive an additional $10,000 off their student loans.

In order to qualify, the loans must be federal, not privately issued. Some current students are also eligible for student loan cancellation, based on free application for federal student aid and whether or not they filed as independent or dependent. Student loan forgiveness for independent students will be based on their own incomes, whereas parent incomes will be taken into account for those who filed as dependents.

Like citizens across the country, UM students have mixed feelings about the plan.

"I think it's dumb because it's not fixing the underlying problem of higher education being too expensive in the first place," Mary-Patt Robben, a sophomore public policy major, said.

Robben believes that student loan forgiveness is not the correct way to combat the increasing cost of a college education and only provides a temporary solution for the issue.

But that isn't how everyone feels about the topic of student loan forgiveness. UM senior Jared Holly, a psychology and nursing major, wholeheartedly supports the new plan.

"I'm all for it. I'll pay the taxes or whatever it takes. I'm not even necessarily one of those students in debt - I'm grateful to have parents who pay for my education, but I think we should cancel out more," Holly said.

Preston Kennedy, a sophomore international studies major also supports the plan, but he thinks that the plan does not go far enough.

"I feel like, if we're going to spend this much, we should just forgive it all," Kennedy said. "It's a step in the right direction, but if we're willing to spend billions of dollars on this, we should just go all the way."

It is estimated that around 8 million citizens will get their expected debt forgiveness without needing to take any additional action because their current income information is on file with the U.S. Department of Education. For those without up to date income information on file, there will be an online form released where they can claim the debt forgiveness if they qualify for it. This application is expected to be released within the coming months.

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020220912ei9c0009j




A GOP attorney general says people are 'celebrating prematurely' Biden's student-loan forgiveness, suggesting lawsuits are to come

asheffey@businessinsider.com (Ayelet Sheffey) 
504 words
9 September 2022
04:16 AM
Business Insider
BIZINS
English
Copyright 2022. Insider Inc 

* Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich told CNBC student-loan forgiveness is being lauded "prematurely."

* He said he is looking for ways to legally challenge Biden's debt relief.

* Other GOP lawmakers like Ted Cruz have also said they are pursuing ways to block the policy.

Another Republican politician voiced intentions to legally challenge President Joe Biden's student-loan forgiveness.

Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovichtold CNBC on Tuesday it might be too soon to bank on Biden's announcement to forgive $10,000 to $20,000 in student-loan debt for federal borrowers making under $125,000 a year. He said Biden is on "very, very shaky legal grounds right now."

"I think there's a lot of people celebrating prematurely," Brnovich told CNBC. "A lot of other people are very upset about this, not only because of legal arguments, but because they believe it's fundamentally unfair."

The Biden administration said the authority to wipe out that debt is granted under the HEROES Act of 2003, which gives the Education Secretary the ability to waive or modify student-loan balances in connection with a national emergency, like COVID-19.

But critics of the plan have argued that is an overreach of the authority, and the legal grounds do not exist for the president to cancel that amount of student debt.

Brnovich added that a lawsuit should be filed "sooner rather than later" so borrowers do not become to reliant on relief, and he said he's confident he can find a plaintiff that could challenge Biden's actions.

"If we can bring a challenge, we will bring a challenge," Brnovich said.

While there was legal debate prior to Biden's announcement of loan forgiveness, the conversation has only amplified since then. Biden's Education and Justice Departments both released memos concluding the Education Secretary does have the authority to enact one-time blanket relief due to pandemic-caused financial hardship, and they also rescinded a memo from former President Donald Trump saying the authority to cancel student debt broadly does not exist.

Still, Republicans and conservative groups have said they are pursuing legal routes to overturn the policy. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, for example, toldThe Washington Post that he is "brainstorming" ways to block debt relief after acknowledging it could be difficult to find a plaintiff. Abby Shafroth, staff attorney at the National Consumer Law Center, also previously told Insider that it will be difficult to prove someone has suffered a concrete injury as a result of Biden's debt cancellation.

For now, it's unclear how any legal action will progress, and the Education Department is continuing to tell federal borrowers to prepare for an application for relief to become live in early October, and they will have until the end of next year to submit their form.

Read the original article on Business Insider

Document BIZINS0020220908ei98001bi




Money,Tips,Bills,Cost of living,Energy bills,Money Saving Expert
CLUED-UP Martin Lewis explains how to calculate your new energy bill as price freeze announced

James Flanders 
504 words
8 September 2022
11:42 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

MARTIN Lewis has responded to Liz Truss' new energy support package and explained how you can calculate your energy bills.

Under the new Energy Price Guarantee, a typical family will pay no more than £2,500 a year from October, for the next two years.

Martin Lewis has responded to the news on Twitter and listed 15 summary points following the Prime Minster's statement.

One of Martin's points explains how you can calculate what you'll pay from October.

Right now the energy bill for a typical household that pays by direct debit comes to £1,971 a year.

However, from October 1, the new Energy Price Guarantee comes into force and these households can expect to pay £2,500 over the next year.

This new figure includes the £400 energy bill discount that'll be paid between October and March next year.

We've listed how each energy supplier will pay the discount from next month.

Martin Lewis says that the slight rise to bills represents a 6.5% increase for the typical household.

He said: "To estimate what you'll pay, over a year, multiply your current energy costs by 6.5%.

Martin said that the figure you'll get will include the £400 energy bill discount - so if you want to know how much you'll pay after the discount is paid make sure to deduct £400 from your final figure.

For example if your monthly direct debit is £150 right now, from October it will rise to £159.75.

If your monthly direct debit is currently £200, from October it will hit £213.

Today, the Prime Minister also announced that:

* Businesses will receive energy bill support for at least six months

* Millions excluded by the price cap to get support from a new fund

It remains unclear as to whether the Energy Price Guarantee set at £2,500 will be the same for energy customers who don't pay by direct debit or who have a prepayment meter.

We will update the story once we have more information on the logistics of the scheme.

What is the Energy Price Guarantee?

Liz Truss has frozen energy bills at £2,500 a year for a period 24 months.

The Energy Price Guarantee will mean a typical family will pay no more than £2,500 a year, saving households £1,000 a year on average.

However, the cap is just on what firms can charge customers.

Your bill could be higher, based on your energy usage. So if you use more, expect to pay more.

However, if you use less energy than the average household, you'll pay less than £2,500 across the next year.

The £2,500 figure includes the £400 energy bill discount.

This means typical households will only fork out £2,100 of their hard-earned cash across the year.

Document THESUK0020220908ei98006he


Letters to the editor: Forget being Red or Blue politician; student debt bill unlawful

Ventura County Star 
504 words
5 September 2022
05:00 AM
VC Star
VCSTRWB
English
© Copyright Gannett 2022 All Rights Reserved. 

Red and Blue split hurting US

The U.S. Congress has not passed all appropriations bills in advance or on time since 1996. I mention this because I believe we have become a Red and Blue country and lost sight of the values and principles that our Constitution set forth.

This is not meant to be a political statement but a searching value statement. Roe v. Wade is a recent example. I personally am not in favor of abortion, but I don't think I have that right to make that decision for anyone else. This is a difficult choice with pros and cons on both sides of the issue.

However, this like many other issues has become a political statement that all Red Republicans are anti-abortion and Blue Democrats are pro-abortion. I think that as the November election approaches, we need to look at the values of our candidates and, more importantly, our candidates must be willing to take and express their position on issues and not just follow the views of their party.

Call me dumb (and many have done so) but I am still naive enough to think there are Republican candidates who may be pro-abortion and Democrat candidates that may be anti-abortion. The idea of having a position and being willing to express that position so that voters may have a choice would be welcome. I grew up back east and remember the old voting machines where you just pulled the top lever for the party of your choice and voted all Republican or all Democrat.

I think our country was founded and has survived based on voting for the best candidate regardless of his political party, but we need our candidates to be open and transparent so we can find the best people and not just Red or Blue.

Walt Oliver, Santa Paula

Unconstitutional act by Biden

No loan is ever forgiven - it just gets passed on to others. In the case of President Biden's estimated one-trillion dollar student loan "forgiveness," that debt will be assumed by those taxpayers who never attended college, those who did attend college but paid their own way by working part-time jobs, and those who attended college and dutifully paid back their student loans.

Earlier this year, Nancy Pelosi referenced Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the U.S. Constitution in warning the president that he did not have the authority to forgive student loans. Hence, this was an unconstitutional act that needs to be addressed by Congress.

It's incumbent upon a college student to choose a field of study that will provide a sufficient income after graduation so as to pay back taxpayers who provided the funds for that college loan.

Jeffrey Herman, Port Hueneme

This article originally appeared on Ventura County Star: Letters to the editor: Forget being Red or Blue politician; student debt bill unlawful

Document VCSTRWB020220905ei9400004


 Pensioners and international students win from Jobs and Skills Summit37 minutes ago
Special Broadcasting Service, 02:00 AM, 3 September 2022, 504 words, Anthony Albanese, (English)
Australians on the aged and veterans pensions will be able to earn extra income without losing their benefits in a key outcome of the Jobs and Skills Summit.
Document WC50127020220902ei92005eh



Adviser Corner
RETIREMENT: A step toward solving the retirement-savings gap; The Advancing Auto Portability Act of 2022 would encourage the widespread adoption of auto portability.

By Spencer Williams 
504 words
1 September 2022
Employee Benefit News
EBNE
33
Vol.36, No.5
English
© 2022 Arizent. All rights reserved. 

Vanguard's How America Saves report for 2022 provided cause for optimism with some of its findings. Participation rates in Vanguard-managed defined contribution plans remain high, and the majority of participants increased or maintained their contributions last year; the average account balance increased by 10% YOY to $141,542.

However, the report underscored that premature cash-outs of small 401(k) balances continue to threaten retirement readiness for plan participants. But the report also noted a potential solution: Auto Portability.

Auto portability is the routine and automated movement of a participant's 401(k) savings account from their former employer's plan to their current employer's plan. It was conceived and built to meet the needs of plan participants with account balances of less than $5,000, who often lack access to portability solutions.

Earlier this year, Sen. Tim Scott (R-S.C.) and Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) introduced the Advancing Auto Portability Act of 2022, which would enable the adoption of auto portability by plan sponsors and recordkeepers nationwide.

This proposed legislation would make it much easier for participants to consolidate their 401(k)s when they change jobs, helping them avoid the destructive decision to cash out. On average, cashing out account balances prematurely can decrease savings for retirement by 25%, according to Boston College's Center for Retirement Research.

The Employee Benefit Research Institute (EBRI) has found that 14.8 million plan participants switch employers every year, and nearly one-third of them will cash out their 401(k) within a year of that change.

This cash-out rate is higher than average for minorities (63% for Black Americans, 57% for Latinos), those who earn $20,000 to $30,000 in annual income (50%), or are between ages 20 and 29 (44%). It is also higher than average for women (41%), and those ages 25 to 34 (71%).

EBRI estimates that the nationwide adoption of auto portability would preserve up to $1.5 trillion in additional retirement savings, measured in today's dollars, over the course of 40 years. That would include approximately $191 billion for 21 million Black Americans and $619 billion for all minority plan participants.

The legislation, which would create a $500 tax credit to assist businesses with auto portability implementation costs, has received bipartisan support both in and out of Congress, including from the NAACP and the National Urban League, whose leaders have identified and spoken out on the value auto portability can have in reducing the wealth gap. A 2017 letter from Senator Scott to the Department of Labor on the matter received backing from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the American Benefits Council.

This broad support has been crucial for getting us to this point. If signed into law, the retirement-savings gaps in our society can begin to be filled.

Document EBNE000020221003ei9100003




Weird News
Hairdresser shares why she'd never sleep with wet hair -and it's grossing people out

By, Ellie Fry 
504 words
1 September 2022
11:11 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

The shocking revelation has left many people questioning their beauty routines -as sleeping with damp hair every night has been branded as an absolute no-go by this qualified hair stylist

Many of us partake in lazy beauty habits from time to time -whether it's squeezing spots that should be left well alone or failing to take our make-up off after a boozy night out. The societal shame around these practices is heightened by the constant pressure to nail our beauty routines -from the endless skincare hacks to fleeting make-up trends that are tough to keep up with.

Styling and looking after your hair is another struggle that tends to involve lots of products, but sometimes we end up making mistakes without even realising. A hairdresser has revealed one of the most common mistakes that people make with their locks, even before they've hit the shop shelves for shampoo.

Get the news

you want straight to your inbox.

Sign up for a Mirror newsletter here

Partaking in a TikTok trend where specialists in their field share things they'd 'never do' after working in their profession, the hairstylist delivered her holy-grail advice for viewers -and one of them has left people in staggered.

Posting under the TikTok name @ girlfrombrumtown_new, the qualified hairdresser has strongly warned people against falling asleep with wet hair, as it can cause a surprising health issue that's left many social media users horrified.

"I'd never go to bed with my hair wet", the Birmingham-born beauty guru explains, "as constantly going to bed onto your pillow with damp hair creates mould spores in your pillow".

"I don't know about you, but I don't think people regularly wash their actual pillow and basically you would need to replace it quite often to stop you breathing in mould regularly," she continues.

Just when things couldn't get any worse, the hairdresser dropped a horrible revelation about mould.

"I don't think people realise that you can actually grow mould spores on the hair strand," she explained.

Aside from the potential for mould growth, the woman also warns that "going to bed with your hair wet and up actually causes a lot of breakage to the hair because the hair is most vulnerable while it's wet".

Many shocked TikTok users flocked to the comments section to admit that they had no idea that sleeping with wet hair could cause so many issues.

One person said: "Oh wow I go to bed with hair wet every time I wash it... mould spores".

Another added: "I send my daughter to bed with wet hair every other night... that will change. Thank you".

"Not me laying here with wet hair that's tied up," a third commenter admitted.

Do you have a story to share Email us at ellie.fry@reachplc.com

Document MIRUK00020220901ei91002sd


 31 August The part of the bond market offering 'rare' 6%-plus incomeBy Ceri Jones 8 0
Interactive Investor International, 11:59 PM, 31 August 2022, 504 words, (English)
Over the last 10 years, yields have been higher on only three occasions. Ceri Jones explains why, and asks the bond pros whether the high income levels are sustainable.
Document WC43706020221007ei8v00018

 31 August The part of the bond market offering 'rare' 6%-plus incomeBy Ceri Jones 7 0
Interactive Investor International, 11:59 PM, 31 August 2022, 504 words, (English)
Over the last 10 years, yields have been higher on only three occasions. Ceri Jones explains why, and asks the bond pros whether the high income levels are sustainable.
Document WC43706020220903ei8v00006



Money,Tips,Asda,Costco,Diesel,Money saving
PUMP IT UP Asda fuel prices: how to check petrol and diesel near me

Samuel Walker 
504 words
31 August 2022
10:10 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

ASDA is one of the UK's largest retailers and currently operates over 600 supermarket sites.

It also has around 320 petrol station forecourts across the UK.

That's before it confirmed plans to buy 132 Co-op sites across the country - with 129 having petrol stations attached.

We previously revealed how Costco customers can find out the price of fuel and their nearest forecourt on its website.

But how do you find out where your nearest Asda petrol station is and how much fuel might cost?

Asda's website has a petrol station locator tool where you can enter your postcode and it will take you to the nearest forecourt.

For example, if you live in Bromley, Kent, your nearest forecourt will be the Asda in Charlton, roughly 4 to 5 miles away.

If you live in Birmingham city centre, your nearest forecourt is the Asda in Small Heath.

If you're based near Bearsden train station on the outskirts of Glasgow, your closest fuel forecourt is in Bearsden, just half a mile away.

However, while you can find the nearest fuel station with the tool, you'll struggle to find prices.

An Asda spokesperson said the best way to find out prices at your nearest station was to actually go there.

This is because prices fluctuate on a daily basis so it's hard to give an accurate estimate.

How can you find out about cheap local prices?

If you don't want to leave the comfort of your home to drive around for the cheapest petrol there are alternatives.

There are websites that can tell you where to get the cheapest fuel in your local area.

On the PetrolPrices app and website, which compiles data from the public, you can check prices from more than 8,000 forecourts near you.

Comparison website Confused.com also has a petrol prices checker that lets registered users find petrol prices within a five, 10 or 25mile radius.

Finally, Fleet News and Allstar lets you check petrol prices across multiple counties to see how your area compares to others across the UK.

How can I reduce my fuel usage?

As well as shopping around for the cheapest fuel, there are tricks and hacks you can employ to actually cut your fuel usage down.

For example, avoiding harsh braking or other sudden movements in your vehicle will make for a smoother drive and reduce the amount you spend on fuel.

Decluttering your car by either removing unnecessary items or not filling your tank up to the brim will help to cut back on costs as well.

In addition, pumping your tyres up will create less drag on the road and reduce the amount of fuel or diesel you use.

We previously revealed a Tik Tokker's hacks to save on petrol.

An expert from the AA gave us his top tips as well.

Document THESUK0020220831ei8v004mq


 Tuft & Needle Labor Day Sale takes up to $600 off its award-winning mattresses
Tom's Guide, 04:00 AM, 29 August 2022, 504 words, Alison Barretta, (English)
This year's Labor Day mattress sales are boasting some of the biggest savings of the season, so if you're hoping to upgrade your sleep setup with one of the best mattresses on the market, now is a fantastic time to buy. Meanwhile, check out...
Document WC72190020220828ei8s00001

 Student loan forgiveness is here. Here's how to avoid scamsPostedAug 26, 2022
Hays Post, 01:30 AM, 27 August 2022, 504 words, (English)
The Biden Administration recently announced that the federal government will cancel up to $20,000 of Federal student loans per person. Millions of Americans will be recipients of the student loan debt relief; unfortunately, this creates an ...
Document WC65437020220826ei8q0000x



MIL-OSI USA: Representative Adriano Espaillat Statement on Student Loan Relief for Borrowers

504 words
26 August 2022
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2022.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved. 

Source: United States House of Representatives - Congressman Adriano Espaillat (NY-13)

NEW YORK, NY - Today, Representative Adriano Espaillat (NY-13) released the following statement in response to President Biden's actions to provide student loan relief for borrowers who need it the most.

"During the campaign, President Biden promised to provide targeted student debt relief to working- and middle-class families, and today, he kept his promise by taking actions that fulfil that commitment and provide breathing room to borrowers as they prepare to resume student loan payments following the COVID-19 pandemic," said Rep. Espaillat. "A post-high school education should be a ticket to the middle-class, but over the years, we have witnessed the cost of college skyrocket to exorbitant amounts preventing far too many borrowers from being able to purchase a home, start a business, or save for retirement. Today's student borrower relief is a step in the right direction, and I look forward to continuing my efforts in collaboration with President Biden and this administration to help American families get back on track, recover and thrive."

The Biden-Harris Administration announcement will:

* Forgive up to $20,000 of federal student loan debt for Pell Grant recipients, and up to $10,000 for other qualifying borrowers. Borrowers who earn less than $125,000 per year or households earning less than $250,000 are eligible for debt cancellation.

* Extend the federal student loan pause a final time through December 31, 2022 to provide borrowers a smooth transition back to repayment.

* Make the student loan system more manageable for current and future borrowers by cutting monthly payments in half for undergraduate loans and holding schools accountable when they hike up prices.

These actions will help borrowers who need it most - with nearly 90% of relief dollars going to borrowers earning less than $75,000 per year. Additionally, the actions taken today will continue to have a significant impact for current and future students. Under President Biden's proposed changes to income-based repayment, the average borrower will save over $1,000 per year on loan payments, and the typical college borrower will see their loan payments cut in half.

More information will be available to borrowers in the coming weeks to find out whether they qualify for debt cancellation and more details on the proposed revamp to the repayment program. Visit studentaid.gov/debtrelief to sign up to be notified automatically when this information is available.

Today's actions build on the steps that the Biden-Harris Administration has already taken to provide over $32 billion in loan relief to 1.6 million borrowers. That includes making temporary changes to the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program so more public service workers can get their debt cancelled after 10 years of service. Individuals can apply right now - until October 31st - to take advantage of these temporary changes to the PSLF program. Visit PSLF.gov for more information.

# # #

MIL OSI USA News -

Document PARALL0020220826ei8q001sa


 Biden plan: Taxpayers to pay billions after administration 'forgives' $10K to $20K in student loan debt per borrower
Potomac News, 03:00 PM, 24 August 2022, 504 words, Casey Harper, (English)
(The Center Square) - President Joe Biden announced Wednesday his administration would "forgive" $10,000 in federal student loan debt for those making less than $125,000 per year. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget said the plan...
Document WC44076020220824ei8o0000t



Money,News Money
SCHOOL OF THOUGHT I dropped out of school but become a millionaire at 20 after being told I would never amount to anything by teachers

Aliki Kraterou 
504 words
23 August 2022
09:39 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

A SCHOOL dropout has revealed how he managed to become a millionaire at the age of 20.

Entrepreneur Wil Massara, 20, was determined to succeed on his own after his teachers told him he would never amount to anything.

The young man from Perth who dropped out of school after he failed Year 12, aged 16, is now a millionaire thanks to his own business but says he "does not like to waste money on flashy things".

Massara founded his company Youth Leadership Academy Australia which has now expanded to schools across the country when he was just 15.

As he wasn't interested in formal education, he decided to drop out of school and focus entirely on his business.

He told Daily Mail Australia: "Young people are less ready to sit and be told by executives what to do and be bossed around by them.

"We are ready to take action. We are the least quiet generation that's existed.

"Those who have no interest in learning about our generation and our values should have no input in what they expect of us."

Massara also shared how he was told by his school principal he would never get a university degree.

Despite not having graduated High School, the 20-year-old has now almost finished his Master's in Business Administration.

Massara's first business, founded when he was just 11, is called Planepidea-a website he calls the "Wikipedia of planes".

The business led him to a partnership with Qantas and Singapore Airlines before being invited to Qantas' first Boeing 787 flight from Perth.

He said: "I was standing there in shorts and a T-shirt surrounded by all these executives when I decided I wouldn't let age determine what I could do."

His current business, YLAA, runs workshops on teen resilience and leadership at schools.

He added: "The reason why we've grown so rapidly is that we respond with what young people need at the current stages of their lives - the education system sucks at that."

He has said the reason why he decided to drop out of school and build his own company was that he was so "angry".

He told news.com.au, back in 2020: "As I went into year 11 that's when I was so angry. There's so much pressure in the ATAR (Australian Tertiary Admission Rank).

"You get told to either get great results or you'll amount to nothing, that's the message the education department gives."

The 20-year-old recently enjoyed travelling around Thailand and Bali but says he doesn't like wasting money and says he gets "less than a full year's salary at minimum wage".

He is now working to turn YLAA into a social enterprise where the profits would go to youth suicide prevention programs.

Document THESUK0020220823ei8n002v0


 22 August Market snapshot: rally cools as investors wait for news from US FedBy Richard Hunter 2 1
Interactive Investor International, 11:24 PM, 22 August 2022, 504 words, Richard Hunter, (English)
The Fed is engaged in a delicate balancing act, with this week's Jackson Hole conference to reveal the latest thinking, says our head of markets, who also considers the summer lethargy weighing on UK markets.
Document WC43706020220829ei8m00018



Money
CASHED UP Whopping £55m EuroMillions lottery jackpot could be yours TONIGHT - making you richer than Little Mix COMBINED

Ethan Singh 
504 words
17 August 2022
05:08 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

A LUCKY Brit could be well and truly in the money tonight if they scoop the whopping EuroMillions jackpot of £55 million.

That eye-watering amount of money would make them richer than music stars Little Mix combined.

According to The Sunday Times rich list, Little Mix's net worth as a trio is £54 million - as reported in 2021.

To play, you will need to pick up your lottery ticket before 7.30pm and choose five main numbers and two lucky stars.

And you will need to match all five numbers and both lucky stars to get your hands on the jackpot prize with the draw taking place at 8.45pm.

The results and Millionaire Maker code will be shown shortly after - on the National Lottery website.

A full prize breakdown will also be displayed - showing the number of UK winners in each category and the corresponding prize.

You will also be able to view the total number of winners from all over Europe.

To check to see if you may have won a prize you can use the EuroMillions result checker.

If you bought your ticket online, the Lottery will email you so there's no chance you'll miss your winning jackpot.

Draws take place on Tuesday and Friday evenings - with a minimum guaranteed jackpot of around £14m, which can roll over up to £202m.

Gloucestershire couple Joe and Jess Thwaite became the biggest UK EuroMillions jackpot winners when they collected £184m with a Lucky Dip ticket in May.

A person who wished to remain anonymous pocketed £170,221,000 on October 8, 2019.

Colin and Chris Weir scooped £161,653,000 on July 12, 2011.

It comes as one Lotto ticket-holder is yet to claim their incredible £2,000,000 jackpot prize from the Lotto draw on August 10.

At this stage all that can be revealed is thatthe missing Lotto jackpot winner bought their winning ticket online.

Online players are now being urged to check their National Lottery account, either via the National Lottery app or on the website, and then call the National Lottery Line on 0333 234 50 50 in order to make their claim.

Camelot's Andy Carter, Senior Winners' Advisor at The National Lottery, said: "It's only just under a week since the draw, but we're urging all online Lotto players to log into their National Lottery account.

"It could be a sensational lead up to the August Bank Holiday for the lucky ticket-holder who has maybe yet to realise it.

"Imagine what you could do with £2,000,000 - a once-in-a-lifetime holiday, a dream pad and treating your nearest and dearest.

"This ticket-holder follows hot on the heels of the one lucky winner who scooped the entire £20M special 'Must Be Won' jackpot in the draw on 6 August and has since claimed their prize."

Document THESUK0020220816ei8g00a15




Retirement
After 50 years of progress, how prepared are women for retirement? A movement away from marriage does not appear to have undone economic gains

By Alicia H. Munnell 
504 words
15 August 2022
08:39 PM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2022 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

We recently completed a study, using the Health and Retirement Study , to assess the retirement preparedness of women in the wake of Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, which prohibits sex discrimination in any educational activity receiving federal funding.

The gains for women as individuals over the last 50 years have been well documented. The percentage of women with a college degree has increased enormously, from 15% for those born in the 1930s to one third for late boomers, born in the early 1960s (see Figure 1). Higher education has translated into greater labor-force participation and a substantial reduction in the earnings gap between men and women.

On the other hand, women have chosen to spend less of their adult life married (see Table 1). They married later, more are never married, and more got divorced.

The question then is how this decline in marriage combined with economic gains affected the retirement preparedness of women. Preparation for retirement is measured in two ways: wealth and replacement rates.

Read: Gray divorce can be financially devastating - especially for women

Table 2 shows how wealth has changed across cohorts for women and men. (This analysis assigns the couple's full value to the woman and to the man.) For the earlier cohorts, women's wealth equaled 82% to 85% of men's; for the later cohorts, the comparable figures were 90% to 93%. Boomer men, who did not enjoy gains in education or earnings over time, appear to have been hit much harder than their female counterparts by the Great Recession.

Table 3 shows how the overall improvement in women's wealth relates to their marital status. The large decline in median wealth for women who spend their lives mostly married largely reflects declining fortunes for their husbands. Since the wealth of the mostly-single and never-married women has remained relatively stable, their holdings have increased sharply relative to the mostly married.

The ultimate purpose of retirement wealth, however, is to support people's preretirement standard of living in retirement. So, the following repeats the exercise for replacement rates -projected retirement income as a percentage of preretirement earnings. The results show that never married and mostly single women are now as well prepared for retirement as their mostly-married counterparts (see Table 4).

The conclusion, then, is that women do not appear to have undone their economic gains since Title IX's passage by opting to spend more time on their own. They have gained both income and wealth, and are as well prepared for retirement as married couples.

Learn how to shake up your financial routine at the Best New Ideas in Money Festival on Sept. 21 and Sept. 22 in New York. Join Carrie Schwab, president of the Charles Schwab Foundation.

After 50 years of progress, how prepared are women for retirement?

Document MRKWC00020220815ei8f0012x




Money,Tips,Explainers,Food offers,McDonald's,McDonald's Monopoly,Money explainers
DINNER WINNER Has anyone in the UK ever won McDonald's Monopoly and how much money can you actually win?

Lynsey Barber 
504 words
13 August 2022
09:31 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

MCDONALD'S Monopoly is back in action, giving you a chance to win a range of prizes from next month.

But what is actually up for grabs in the big giveaway and has anyone actually won the game? We explain all.

Has anyone in the UK ever won McDonald's Monopoly and how much money can you actually win?

McDonald's Monopoly is coming back on September 7, 2022 and millions of prizes from free food to a holiday will be claimed in the UK.

The end date for McDonald's Monopoly 2022 has not yet been announced.

However, the promotion has always run for six weeks in the past.

The fast food chain says it's given away "millions of prizes" to "millions of people" in the UK over the years.

"In 2018, a whopping 8,006,175 prizes were claimed, including 6 Mini Coopers, three £100k prizes, two £25k prizes and a Universal Holiday."

Maccies also has a website where there's a daily update on how many of each prizes have been won.

That means you can check what's still up for grabs before you tuck into your next meal.

How much money is up for grabs with McDonald's Monopoly?

The competition works in a similar way as the classic Monopoly board game.

Selected items on the menu will come with a sticker which customers can peel off - these are the game pieces.

Simply by peeling off these game pieces, customers can instantly win free food items and big prizes - such as gift cards and popular tech items.

This time the popular game is set to be better than ever - with new features, players are in with a chance of winning more than ever before.

A new double peel feature is coming, meaning players can double their gameplay through the McDonald's app.

The fast-food app will be introducing a digital gameboard and prize wallet, making winning and collecting prizes easier.

In terms of cash, one of the McDonald's Monopoly prizes in the past has been £100,000.

What are the McDonald's Monopoly prizes?

For now, 2022's exact prizes have yet to be announced.

Prizes last year ranged from free food which can be won instantly when you peel off a prize sticker, to a holiday if you collect all the right pieces.

If you get multiple stickers you can try and collect property sets that will put you in line to win some big prizes. Some of those in last year's game include:

* £100k cash

* Ibiza holiday (or UK getaway)

* £1k to spend at AO.com on home entertainment

* Lay-Z-Spa hot tub

* £500 shopping spree at Misguided or Mennace

* Buyagift experience

* £100 JD Sports gift card

* Medium extra value meal

* Sky Mobile phone and one year contract

Document THESUK0020220813ei8d002s1


 This week in pensions: 8-12 August Pensions Agetakes a look back at the top stories of the week, including TPR guidance on refinancing, WH...
Pensions Age Online, 10:00 AM, 12 August 2022, 504 words, Jack Gray, (English)
In what is usually a subdued month for the pensions industry, this week saw several new topics of discussion break above the parapet, and a few unresolved issues rear their heads.
Document WC81086020220812ei8c00004



Regional
Cost-of-living increase requires look at cashflow planning

Stewart Russell PKF Francis Aickin Ltd 
504 words
11 August 2022
The Northland Age
APNNLA
A002
English
Copyright 2022 NZME Publishing Ltd. 

Whether you are in business or controlling a household budget there is no doubt that, with the cost-of-living increases, everyone needs to review their budgets and spending.

The basic principle is that you need to make enough income to cover your costs and expenses. If you cannot generate additional income, you need to look at ways to reduce costs. Businesses need to review their new cost structures to ensure their pricing covers at least the cost of providing the product or services.

One of the continuing impacts of Covid has been the delays in supply chain. Most businesses are seeing increases in the raw material and products they require, part of this being driven by the increase in freight costs, which of course isn't helped by the fuel price.

Low levels of unemployment create another challenge for businesses who are looking for staff. There are several ways to help keep and attract good people. Consider things such as flexible working arrangements, health insurance, and other benefits to give your business the edge.

Additionally, businesses are under pressure to increase wages to help members of their team cope with the increases in the cost of living.

It's become even more important to understand exactly what your business cash break-even point is. How much cash does the business need to generate to be able to pay the bills? In these uncertain times predicting income is going to be difficult and may require some crystal ball gazing; but at least if you know how much money is needed to pay the bills, you have a target to aim for.

For a business with predominantly fixed costs the calculation is very simple.

Add the total costs for the month and divide it by the number of working days eg, if your average monthly costs are, say, $11,000 and there are 22 working days in the month, then you need to generate $500 income per day.

Remember, you are dealing with all cash transactions, so you need to include loan repayments to the bank and IRD payments. You should also include the cash you need to withdraw from the business to pay personal costs you have, such as mortgage and grocery bills.

For retailers or wholesalers, it is slightly trickier as they must include the purchase cost of goods. However, the principle is the same. Using the above example if you have a gross profit margin of 20 per cent, you will need to sell $2500 of product per day to make a gross profit of $500 to cover your costs.

A simple spreadsheet which calculates your break-even position is available on our website www.pkffa.co.nz under Publications - use the search box.

By doing our best to pay our staff, suppliers and landlords, provides them with the cash to do the same, and so what goes around, comes around, especially in our local community.

Document APNNLA0020220810ei8b0000p


 Amazon's most popular house cleaning products
New Idea (Australia), 02:00 PM, 6 August 2022, 504 words, Katherine Chatfield, (English)
This article may return revenue to Yahoo Lifestyle Australia. For more great shopping content, check out our online shopping page.
Want to get on board with the most popular cleaning products out there? Amazon's best selling home products ...
Document WC57993020220806ei8600007



Shopping & Deals
Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are fans of Augustinus Bader's skincare range -and you can get 20% off

By, Sarah Bradbury 
504 words
6 August 2022
12:02 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Professor Augustinus Bader's skincare products contain the patented TFC8 technology, backed by 30 years of science and research -and results have shown an increase by 110% of more elasticity in the skin as well!

When we hear on the grapevine that celebrities are obsessing over skincare products or with a beauty brand -we too are equally eager to hear the secret behind their gorgeous, glowing skin.

Augustinus Bader, who's earned a cult-beauty status thanks to his rejuvenating skin care products, is the man whom Jennifer Aniston, Kim Kardashian and Victoria Beckham all love too. And it's not just celebrities who hail his namesake products as the secret weapon behind nourished and renewed skin, but beauty editors and dermatologists too. Not to mention contain the patented TFC8 technology, which is backed by 30 years of science and research.

And we have a way to you can get 20% off your next order, thanks to the auto-replenish programme! Customers are able to save 20% on each order when they subscribe to regular, customisable, delivery cycles. How cool is that

Top Augustinus Bader products

And it's so simple too!

* Just choose 'Auto-replenish' when purchasing from our award-winning product range

* Decide how often you'd like the product delivered to you using our prompted tools

* Change the delivery frequency anytime. For topical products, you can pause or cancel after 3 delivery cycles.

* Benefit from 20% off each cycle and receive loyalty points on every delivery and purchase.

The skincare formulas are hand crafted by Professor Augustinus Bader in his own laboratory. He's a globally recognised biomedical scientist, physician and one of the foremost experts in the field of stem cell biology and regenerative medicine. So it's no wonder why celebs are quick to reach for his products before hitting the red carpet.

Not to mention his products have received 90 industry awards in just four years -and products have been voted "The Greatest Skincare Of All Time".

Best of all The results of Augustinus Bader products are proven through extensive clinical trials -and who wouldn't want younger looking skin in as little as four weeks

Based on a 4-week clinical trial, with participants using hero product The Rich Cream: Forehead wrinkles visibly reduced by 37%, crow's feet wrinkles visibly reduced by 54%, crow's feet fine lines visibly reduced by 46% and of those testers, skin felt 92% firmer and 110% more elasticity in the skin -in just 4 weeks!

So what are you waiting for Give Augustinus Bader products a go and see how your skin can change in four weeks too!

Have you used any of the Augustinus Bader skincare products before Or are you keen to give them a try and see what they could do for you Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below.

Document MIRUK00020220805ei85002pd


 Jerry Nadler ties monkeypox to COVID-19 in demanding Biden cancel student debt
FOXBusiness.com, 12:59 AM, 3 August 2022, 504 words, Jessica Chasmar, (English)
Check out what's clicking on FoxBusiness.com.
Rep. Jerry Nadler, D-N.Y., on Monday tied the monkeypox outbreak with the COVID-19 pandemic in arguing for the complete cancellation of U.S. student debt.
Document WC56629020220802ei82001gz



Money
Martin Lewis issues £1,000 warning to everyone with a certain type of e-mail address

By, Evie Townend 
504 words
29 July 2022
01:04 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Earlier this week, the Money Saving Expert handed out helpful advice about saving money on your broadband provider while fielding callers on ITV's This Morning show

Martin Lewis has urged all households not to get an email address with your broadband provider -as it could make it more complicated for you to switch to a cheaper deal elsewhere.

Appearing on ITV This Morning, the financial guru fielded questions from callers -and one viewer named Pauline raised the issue of switching broadband providers.

While Pauline is currently with Virgin Media, she wished to change over to a more favourable deal with Vodafone but felt trapped by her Virgin Media email account.

Virgin Media had warned that her email accounts would be closed following the move, losing access to all of her data and contacts in the process.

Martin said that this would forever be an issue if you set up an email account with your provider, advising the public to break away and create an address using an independent server.

He said: "On Virgin you get 90 days after giving notice. Some providers let you keep it, some don't.

"This is the classic reason for not setting up your own email address with your provider. You are going to have this issue forever.

"You're always going to find it difficult to move so here is my tip. Decide today that you're going to set up, let's say a Gmail account.

"Start telling everyone you know to email you on Gmail. Auto-forward your current email address to Gmail so that it sends it to your new email address and you should always reply from there.

"Do that for a couple of months until you're pretty sure about everything and then leave Virgin. That gives you an extra 90 days, and you do need to check that.

"After that you then have the flexibility to move."

Martin went on to demonstrate the financial benefits of making this shift.

He said that the flexibility to switch to cheaper providers could save up to £300 per annum, making savings of up to £1,000 within a few years.

"It can easily save you up to £200 to 300 a year," he explained.

"After a few years you could easily be up to £1,000 gained by going to the cheapest provider each time.

"You need to break that habit of allowing them to lock you in by keeping your email. It will be a pain to do so but I suggest you take the time."

Millions of households are thought to be out of contract with their broadband provider.

Always compare prices to see if you're getting the best deal -then if you want to leave, make sure you can do so penalty-free.

You could also try haggling your existing provider down in price if you've found a better deal elsewhere.

Document MIRUK00020220728ei7s002jv


Lifestyle,Money
FlixBus launches new Glasgow to London route with ticket prices starting from just £2.99

By Linda Howard 
504 words
25 July 2022
08:33 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2022 Reach Plc 

The new service to and from Glasgow, Edinburgh, Leeds, Sheffield and London will run seven days a week.

The UK's fastest growing coach provider,FlixBus, has launched a new service between Glasgow and London to help people make the most of their summer while avoiding rail strikes and airport chaos. The new service to and from Glasgow, Edinburgh, Leeds, Sheffield and London will run seven days a week.

Tickets on the service start at just £2.99 and the new coach route will run every day until October, providing a new transport connection between England and Scotland through FlixBus' long-term partner McGill's, the largest privately owned bus company in the UK.

Withinflation soaringto the highest rate in 40 years, rising from 9.1% in May to 9.4% in June, consumers looking foraffordable ways to travelthis summer may be able to find the perfect deal through FlixBus.

Five ways to save money on train journeys of any length during the summer

12 essential tips to help every parent worried about managing money over school summer holidays

And, as further rail strikes south of the border threaten to continue to cause chaos for Scots travellers this July, the green coach company says it is ready to do what it takes to keep the country moving.

The launch of the service also comes in time for the start of the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, which runs from August 5 to 29, draws hundreds of thousands of comedy and arts fans to the city throughout August.

Commenting on the new service, FlixBus UK Managing Director Andreas Schorling said: "While airports and airlines cancel flights, we're adding even more journeys on our reliable, eco-friendly network to ensure everyone can enjoy staycations, day trips and visit loved ones this summer without breaking the bank."

Top Money Stories Today

Travelling by coach is ideal for climate-conscious consumers, as a recent report from The Confederation of Passenger Transport (CPT) reveals that shifting journeys from car to coach just once a month could save two million tonnes of C02e emissions.

Colin Napier, Group Operations Director at McGill's added: "We can see a strong appetite for sustainable travel to and from Scotland, so we're excited to ramp up our offering in partnership with FlixBus and serve more passengers than ever before."

FlixBus has the largest global long distance coach network, reaching over 30 destinations across the UK.

Tickets for any route can be purchased online at www.flixbus.co.uk or the FlixBus App.

To keep up to date with the most-read money stories, subscribe to our newsletter which goes out three times each week - sign up.

Martin Lewis warns people on State Pension will lose third of annual benefit

Full fibre broadband from £15 for benefit claimants

People on certain benefits may qualify for 40 hours free driving lessons

General In Your Area Widget

Document DRECRONL20220725ei7p001gx




News
Quick wins

504 words
24 July 2022
The Sunday Mirror
SMIRR
1; National
6,7
English
(c) 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

¦ Get a state pension forecast, either online via gov.uk/check-state-pension or by completing a BR19 form.

¦ If you work from home, investigate if you can claim the Working from Home tax deduction. Find out more at gov.uk/tax-relief-foremployees/working-at-home ¦ Use the Money Advice Service pension calculator to see if you're on track for retirement: yourpension.gov.uk/ pension-calculator ¦ Track down any pensions you may have forgotten about by using the Pension Tracing Service - visit findpensioncontacts.service.gov.uk ¦ If you are a non-taxpayer and you're married or in a civil partnership with a basic rate taxpayer, ensure you claim the Marriage Allowance. You can also back claim for the last four years. ¦ Make a will even if you're single. Don't leave a burden on those you leave behind.

¦ Put a lasting power of attorney in place as soon as you can by visiting the Office of the Public Guardian website. ¦ Check entitledto.co. uk to see if you're missing any benefits you're eligible for.

¦ If you have set up a trust, ensure you register it with the

Trust Registration Service by September 1, 2022.

¦ If you're a parent affected by the Child Benefit High Income Charge because you earn over £50,000, consider making a personal pension or charitable payment to cut your income to claim the full Child Benefit. ¦ If you have a will, get it out, read it and check it still reflects your current wishes. ¦ Create a 'digital will' - a register of your online life - so your family can close things like your social media accounts more easily.

¦ Consider leaving 10% of your taxable estate on death to a charity to reduce your inheritance tax rate from 40% to 36%.

¦ Once you've cleared your unsecured debts, use the 40/40/20 rule to overpay your mortgage, secure your future, and enjoy your life now.

¦ Minimise fraud by registering your property on the Land Registry's Property Alert Service - propertyalert.landregistry.gov.uk ¦ If you earn over £100,000 and lose some of your personal allowance, consider making a personal pension or charitable payment to reduce your income and reclaim your personal allowance. ¦ If you have a life assurance policy or death in service cover, write the benefits into trust to avoid inheritance tax and speed up payment.

'' Leaving of your to charity reduce inheritance tax rate ¦ Visit WarrenShute. com to create a free personalised financial forecast. ¦ Ensure you have completed a nomination form for your pension death benefits.

¦ Rather than give large monetary gifts to children, consider setting up a pension and Junior ISA for them.

Just when you thought you couldn't save more on your shop, there's Lidl Plus! Our rewards app makes those big savings even bigger with new coupons every Thursday, plus exclusive discounts, prizes and more. lidl.co.uk/lidl-plus

'' Leaving 10% of your estate to charity will reduce your inheritance tax rate

Document SMIRR00020220724ei7o000c4




Money
Holidaymakers face delays as fuel price protesters block M5

Steven Morris 
504 words
22 July 2022
11:21 PM
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2022.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

Slow-driving convoy caused long delays to those heading to Devon and Cornwall on the first day of the school holidays

Protesters campaigning against high fuel prices have disrupted holiday getaways to the south-west of England by driving in convoy slowly up and down a motorway before blockading a petrol station.

The convoy drove at 30mph on three lanes of the M5 north and south in Somerset and the Bristol area on Friday morning as tens of thousands of people headed to Devon and Cornwall to begin summer breaks.

They then blockaded a petrol station in Bridgwater, Somerset, only allowing access for emergency vehicles and essential workers.

By early afternoon there were delays of around almost an hour for people heading south-west, thought to have been caused by a combination of the knock-on effect of the demonstration coupled with normal heavy holiday traffic.

One of the demonstration's organisers, Mikey Dave, a door supervisor from Somerset, said: "We are protesting at the cost of living and fuel prices. We will show the government that enough is enough, and us, the public, want the cost of living sorted out for everyone."

After similar demonstrations earlier this month, it was reported that the Home Office wanted police forces to use new tough new powers to stop the fuel protests.

But there was no sign that police in Avon and Somerset were planning to take hardline action against the protesters, and Dave thanked the force for its help making sure the action went ahead safely.

Ahead of the protest, Supt Tony Blatchford, of Avon and Somerset police, said: "Our protest liaison team has been engaging with the organiser so we can inform the public of the likely disruption and help to minimise it.

"Nevertheless, drivers can expect journey times will likely be longer than normal, especially on motorways, which often tend to be at their busiest at this time of year. We advise motorists consider any alternative travel plans available and ensure they are suitably prepared in case they are delayed."

The M5 protest had ended by noon with those involved turning their attention on the petrol station blockade.

There appeared to be support for the protesters though some complained they risked disrupting people who least deserved it.

On the protest group's Facebook page one person wrote: "I'm totally behind everyone and something needs to be done, but you're hitting the wrong people, the ones who will get delayed today are working-class people who have saved all year to take their children on a holiday which possibly they could miss. These company directors won't be on the M5 or any other motorway today."

With most schools in England and Wales breaking up for summer this week, the RAC said an estimated 18.8 million leisure trips are planned in the UK between Friday and Monday - the most since the company began tracking summer getaway numbers in 2014.

Document GRDN000020220722ei7m001ry


News
66,000 sign up for internet discount; Eligible Iowans get break on high-speed service

By Tyler Jett                  Des Moines Register 
504 words
22 July 2022
The Des Moines Register
DMRG
1; DMRState
C1
English
© Copyright Gannett 2022 All Rights Reserved. 

About 66,000 Iowa households have signed up for discounts on high-speed Internet service since a federal program was launched in May, according to figures a White House spokesperson shared with the Des Moines Register this week.

The release came as Vice President Kamala Harris plans to urge more residents to sign up for the program during a visit to North Carolina on Thursday, the spokesperson said.

Harris also sent Gov. Kim Reynolds and leaders in other states a letter urging them to promote the program, which allows some residents to receive a $30-a-month break on high-speed internet, and in some cases, free service.

"Please help lower costs for more families by spreading the word in your state and by entering data-matching agreements to drive enrollment," Harris wrote.

Part of the $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill that President Joe Biden signed in November, the American Connectivity Program gives a $30 discount on monthly internet bills to eligible families - those earning no more than 200% of the federal poverty guidelines, or $46,060 for a family of three. The threshold means about 164,000 families in Iowa are eligible, based on U.S. census data.

Some rural Iowa households may not be able to take advantage of the program because they are in areas that don't have access high-speed internet. For example, only 6% of homes in northwest Iowa's Ida County have access, according to Broadband Now.

In addition to the discount, some internet providers agreed this year to create a new plan to offers eligible families high-speed internet for $30 a month - effectively providing free service to those enrolled in the program.

Since mid-May, the last time the White House aggressively pushed the program with news releases, about 7,000 households in Iowa have registered. The latest data suggests Iowans are signing up less frequently than some in other states.

The number of Iowa households that registered for the program ranks 36th in the country. But the number of families at 200% of the poverty level in Iowa - suggesting the number of houses eligible for the program - ranks 32nd in the country, according to the Census Bureau.

Internet plans participating in the program offer download speeds of 100 megabits per second.

The Federal Communications Commission currently defines high-speed internet as services with download speeds of 25 megabits per second. But FCC Chair Jessica Rosenworcel filed a notice of inquiry last week, alerting the public that the agency is considering upping its definition to the 100 megabits per second standard.

"The needs of internet users long ago surpassed the FCC's (current) speed metric, especially during a global health pandemic that moved so much of life online," Rosenworcel said in a statement.

The White House is making another push to sign up eligible households for discounts on high-speed internet service. | Pixabay 

Document DMRG000020220722ei7m0002x




News
Frugal farmer's will ploughs £100m into charity

George Sandeman 
504 words
21 July 2022
The Times
T
1; Scotland
21
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2022 

A landowner who never married, had no children, shunned first-class travel, holidayed in Scotland and drove a "clapped-out" VW Beetle has left the majority of his £100 million estate to charities.

Simon Gibson died at the age of 94 in May and stipulated in his will that his estate, worth £103,857,487, went to the charitable trust which was created in his name in 1975 to support good causes in south Wales, Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire.

As well as leaving hundreds of thousands of pounds to his close family, he gave tens of thousands to each employee who had worked at his 1,776 acre home, Landwades Hall, near Newmarket in Suffolk.

Gibson gave £30,000 to each current and former employee who had reached pensionable age during his lifetime. Shelagh Foster, his last carer who was born in South Africa, was left £75,000 along with his cottage and its contents in the seaside town of Aldeburgh. She was also allowed one of his cars to keep.

Colin McCarty, a former teacher at Newmarket Upper School who knew Gibson for nearly 40 years, said that he had enjoyed spending money on good causes. Gibson was awarded a CBE for his charitable works. He added: "[Gibson] had a new Rolls-Royce, but I never saw him drive it. He was famed for driving around in his clapped-out yellow Beetle."

McCarty said that Foster took Gibson on a couple of holidays to South Africa in his "twilight years" but he often went on small cruises around Scotland's lochs. He added: "When I was a head teacher, he came in to discuss rearranging social rooms for students. The next day he walked in with a cheque for £25,000 to pay for the work."

Among the other stipulations in Gibson's will was a £1 million gift to Ely Cathedral Trust along with legacies of £100,000 to the World Wildlife Fund, the National Trust, Pembroke College, Cambridge, King's Ely, which is one of the world's oldest schools, Great Ormond Street Hospital and St Edmundsbury Cathedral.

He also left £250,000 each to his ten nephews and nieces along with his shares in an investment company, and £10,000 each to his ten godchildren. His sister Mary and another close relative received £250,000 each and his sisterin-law was left £50,000.

The family fortune was established by his uncle, William Tatem, who went to sea as a cabin boy at the age of 12 but later formed the Atlantic Shipping Company which became the largest exporter of coal mined in Wales. He was made Lord Glanely in 1916.

In the interwar period he was a leading owner in flat racing and his horses won all five classics. He was killed in 1942 at the age of 74, during an air raid on Weston-super-Mare. His only child had died at the age of six.

Document T000000020220721ei7l000cy


Best - 
10 deals you can't miss on Sunday: $159 AirPods 3, LG OLED TVs, surge protectors, more

Maren Estrada 
504 words
17 July 2022
Boy Genius Report (BGR)
BGR
English
BGR Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Media Corporation. All Rights Reserved. 

Everyone knows that Prime Day 2022 isn't really only two days long. There are still tons of Prime Day deals hidden on Amazon's site, and we showed you all the best ones in our roundup. But there are also plenty of new sales that have popped up on Amazon since Prime Day ended. In this article, we'll show you all the best bargains you can find on July 17, 2022.

Apple AirPods Pro Wireless Earbuds with MagSafe Charging Case. Active Noise Cancelling, Transpa? Price: 32% Off You Save: $69.01 (28%) Buy Now

Beckham Hotel Collection Bed Pillows for Sleeping - Queen Size, Set of 2 - Cooling, Luxury Gel? Price: 52% Off You Save: $7.00 (14%) Buy Now

Highlights include Apple AirPods Pro for $169.99 (lowest price of 2022!), AirPods 3 back in stock and on sale for $159.99, #1 best-selling Beckham Hotel Collection bed pillows for $12.90 each, and Echo Dot 3 refurbs for just $19.99.

And all that's just the tip of the iceberg!

The rest of the expert commerce team at BGR Deals and I have put together a roundup of the best deals out there today. Of course, all these sales will likely end soon, so hurry or you might miss out. Today's best deals

? ONE DAY ONLY: Save big on top-rated Addtam surge protectors & power strips with prices starting at $11.40 Apple's incredibly popular AirPods Pro are on sale for just $169.99, which is the lowest price of 2022! AirPods 3 are back in stock and discounted to $159.99 for a limited time

BONUS DEALS: AirPods 2 are down to $99 and you can save up to $100 off AirPods Max

Beckham Hotel Collection bed pillows are the #1 best-selling pillows on Amazon's entire site. They have 103,000 5-star ratings and they're down to $12.90 each - the lowest price of 2022 ? Ultra-comfy Danjor Linens 1800 thread count bed sheets with 93,000 5-star reviews are down to $23.99 LG C1 OLED TVs are on sale at all-time low prices, with savings up to $2,002!

BONUS DEALS: Samsung 4K TVs and Sony Bravia 4K TVs are also still on sale for Prime Day!

The wildly popular 10.2-inch iPad has a $20 discount Google's newest Nest Thermostat is still on sale at the Prime Day price of just $89.98 Echo Dot 3 refurbs are down to just $19.99, but they'll surely sell out soon Score a Certified Refurbished Ring Video Doorbell 2 for only $99.99

Check out all 10 of our top daily deals down below.

Go here to see this month's best deals online!

The post 10 deals you can't miss on Sunday: $159 AirPods 3, LG OLED TVs, surge protectors, more appeared first on BGR.

Document BGR0000020220717ei7h0005p




Press Release: Legacy Suite Announces the Official Launch of Revolutionary Estate Planning System

504 words
12 July 2022
11:00 PM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2022, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

The platform has simplified critical data exchange and asset transfer for individuals interested in protecting their digital assets for the future.

NEW YORK, July 12, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Digital asset preservation platform Legacy Suite has announced the official rollout of its latest offering, leading a new frontier in EstateTech. The revolutionary estate planning and beneficiary management system is designed to streamline the legacy transfer process for all physical and digital assets. The announcement marks the latest Legacy Suite service launch, joining the likes of the platform's Digital Suite, Legal Suite, and Financial Suite offerings.

The digital revolution has given rise to a multitude of intangible assets. Digital estate planning is now an integral component of traditional estate planning. Assets such as cryptocurrencies, non-fungible tokens (NFTs), online banking accounts, and social media profiles are critical when managing a digital estate.

Through Legacy Suite, users can easily share critical information with beneficiaries, centralized digital asset custodians, social platforms, and crypto/NFT exchanges. Distributing data such as asset inventories, passwords, account credentials, login instructions, and more is simple through Legacy Suite's innovative technology. Beneficiaries can access an online hub that will guide them through a clear roadmap that outlines access permissions as provided and instructed by the original user(s).

Legacy Suite's lifetime digital asset management services include storing all documents related to user intent and Digital Will(TM) creation support. Digital Wills(TM) account for any electronic records, social accounts, and various digital accounts that would typically not be included in a traditional will.

While a Digital Will(TM) is not considered a legal document, as most states do not formally recognize digital estate plans at this time, it can be used informally to ensure that digital assets are addressed within a traditional estate plan. Legacy Suite's Digital Executors(TM) are assigned to individual users and are tasked with managing digital estates and addressing all items related to a user's digital assets after their passing.

To learn more about Legacy Suite's pioneering services in the digital estate planning space and to gain early access to the platform, please visit http://www.legacysuite.com.

About Legacy Suite

We're thinkers, no. Artists, yes. We are determined to reframe digital utility, to shape and sculpt your legacy. Day in and day out, our artists like to challenge their mantra and are a group of code casters that don't know when to quit.

Contact Information

info@legacysuite.com

Related Images

https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=VkeYf5Fvxg7rwGCOsPSGJ0PnI6HO7-fgvq9KfclW1xwuQlPzDleb_3nxOqq35YUehzqFf6aqYVoFgQdVWByOJHI5StULcFtVrIQMv2SBUoorSgtRtXEVpfDXnw0pXwFcYjp1wH5QLXWYbhzuPpe59jCRnCprxqRH_vK2cxdJorg96Ottbjdwrs-mR6GGa_qFhKvth5JapNnajtvNd24GPA==

https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=VkeYf5Fvxg7rwGCOsPSGJ0PnI6HO7-fgvq9KfclW1xzotyGSZ4Pz9wrR3j7OpEClIyst_j29K1I8I2fRWS4YOqwAS4Hj_BHxeOvRq07K7XScwojJpWQDfODjjekSS75JoNCbWdfdkVPEnYiMj2Wk9EctTASe1ETXKNex2jJlUWhWzByHogimf3BqTgKN0WYKRUjaohE-yuafELc6b0W6UQ== Image 1

This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com https://www.globenewswire.com/Tracker?data=zwrSq2LTBcB1V1QO4OJHz32gnW75FWZtbf3CM6RHl2DEzqBd0y3EMy1hRdEQjiiVzSm23XT4Q09ZUzXbyN7sOt9deqigHFvgW264-9ZT_rwlZdl0aNTV85qSTDXGwymLvPFK30nSN1kKf6uUmFc2KA== .

Attachment 


   -- Featured Image for Legacy Suite 
      https://ml.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/a486a552-50de-490f-be78-e163486545de

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

July 12, 2022 09:00 ET (13:00 GMT)

Document DJDN000020220712ei7c0023q




Money,News Money,Shopping advice,Walmart
SMART SHOPPING Seven sections never to spend your money in at Walmart - the store's secret cash traps revealed

Iman Palm 
504 words
12 July 2022
10:03 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

EXPERTS have revealed seven "money traps" at Walmart and sections of the store you may want to avoid shopping in during your next trip.

The so-called "secret cash traps" encourage customers to spend more money than they originally intended, experts say.

In an article for GoBankingRates, author Jordan Rosenfeld lays out why not all of the deals you come across at Walmart are "good" deals.

Some psychology tactics apparently have been used in marketing to encourage you to spend more money at stores.

BAKERIES

The smell of baked goods is one way the retail giant reportedly draws people in.

While all Walmart stores don't include a bakery, the ones that do usually strategically place them in the front of the store.

"Stores that include a bakery up front are more likely to draw customers in with their delectable smells and the emotional connections that brings," the American Baker's Association said.

BIGGER CARTS

Walmart's shopping carts are apparently larger than an average grocery cart, stimulating customers to spend more money.

If a customer sees a good deal on big-sized items that can fit into their shopping cart, they are more inclined to buy it, according to Mashed.

'EVERYDAY LOW PRICES'

Walmart is known for its "Everyday Low Prices" and they don't want their customers to forget it.

Mashed reported that stores can have as many as 100 signs advertising their "Everyday Low Prices."

By seeing this promotion, customers will eventually connect the idea of low-priced items to Walmart.

POPULAR ITEMS

Walmart reportedly intentionally puts popular items in the back of their stores to drive foot traffic.

While each store is different, one store could be as big as 260,000 square feet, according to 24/7 Wall Street.

The more you walk around the store, the more inclined you are to purchase something.

ROLLBACK PRICES

The quick sale, known as a rollback, offers short-lived discounts on items for customers.

Customers shouldn't assume that items with a rollback sign will be on sale for a long time, so buying them at a lower price is recommended instead of waiting.

'ACTION ALLEY'

Walmart reportedly utilizes the "Action Alley" strategy, which involves a wide aisle-shaped big square across the store, with specific locations that house many low-priced items.

The retail giant attempted to get rid of these areas due to customer complaints about clutter but reportedly saw sales dip, according to the GoBankingRates article.

The company now utilizes the marketing tactic in high-traffic areas.

LAST-MINUTE NEEDS

The article also claims that Walmart uses the "last-minute needs" ideal to its advantage.

Walmart is known for putting "impulse buy" items at the cash registers, according to Business Insider.

Items like candy, small toys, and magazines can be found there and customers apparently realize they "need" them just prior to checkout.

Document THESUK0020220712ei7c00003




Retirement
News and analysis for those planning for or living in retirement; Retirement news and analysis

By Alessandra Malito 
504 words
9 July 2022
04:00 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2022 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

From MarketWatch:

Is your adviser encouraging you to do an IRA rollover? Make sure they're following this new rule: The DOL recently began enforcing a rule that requires advisers recommending rollovers to explain in writing why it is in the client's best interest.

Watch out - this one mistake could cost you thousands when you rollover your 401(k) to an IRA: Rollovers can make a lot of sense, but investors should be sure they're conducting the transfer properly.

How being an older worker pushed me out of my comfort zone - what I learned: Staying in, or reentering, the workforce can be difficult for any worker, but some older workers may find it particularly uncomfortable.

Also on MarketWatch:

5 lessons from the bear market

A veteran medical practitioner offers tips for how to navigate America's confounding health care system

Tech support fraud is the biggest scam for people over 60, taking them for millions - h ere are the red flags to watch for

Can a robot roommate help you care for your aging parent?

Don't cut or privative Social Security - lawmakers must act responsibly on behalf of all Americans

10 things to talk about with your financial adviser

12 ways to make your retirement better for the planet

More in retirement news:

Biden travels to Ohio to highlight $86 billion for troubled retirement plans (Yahoo Finance)

25 ways to stop spending money and save for retirement (Entrepreneur)

With high inflation and an uncertain stock market, do I have enough to retire? (Kiplinger)

Experts: How to handle retirement's most common financial challenges (GOBankingRates)

5 Retirement lessons we can all learn from former NFL players (Forbes)

No money saved for retirement? It's not too late (AARP)

Research and Insight:

Americans underestimate two major kinds of retirement risk (ThinkAdvisor)

Pace of retirees returning to work increases (PlanSponsor)

25% of Americans delaying retirement due to inflation, survey says: Here's how they're offsetting rising costs (Fox Business)

Pension plans among ESG's biggest proponents (PlanAdviser)

Lonely seniors are more vulnerable to fraud (Center for Retirement Research at Boston College)

To share with your family, friends and clients:

We're an outdoorsy family looking for a 'funky' town where we can eventually retire. Where should we go?

From working life to FIRE life in 3 steps: Follow the 'Cashing Out' couple's road map to early retirement

Do you know the things Medicare doesn't cover, and will you be able to afford them?

There's more to the stock market than the S&P 500 - try these simple time-tested strategies

Here's how much the average working boomer has saved for retirement

Here's how much the value of your Social Security check is likely to go up next year Older workers are getting raises - but it's not enough

News and analysis for those planning for or living in retirement

Document MRKWC00020220708ei780030d




Tax
Families still £1,300 worse off this year despite National Insurance cut

By Harry Brennan 
504 words
6 July 2022
09:19 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2022. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

Boris Johnson's 'biggest tax cut of the decade' is not enough to offset rising costs

Households will still be thousands of pounds worse off this year, despite Boris Johnson hailing the biggest tax cut of the decade.

The Government has said moving the National Insurance threshold to £12,570, up from £9,880, would result in tax cuts for 30 million people. Boris Johnson said 70pc of workers would benefit, saying he was on the side of families facing tough times.

But the change, which comes into effect today, will not be enough to offset rising costs for the average worker.

This is because wages excluding bonuses are failing to keep pace with inflation, rising 4.2pc at present. Inflation however, has already hit a 40-year high of 9.1pc and is expected to reach double digits by the end of the year.

It means average earners who have been promised big tax savings will in fact end up worse off.

A worker on an income of £30,000 can expect to pay £142 less in NI payments for the 2022-23 tax year thanks to the rise in the main threshold, for example. However, the same worker will see their spending power eroded by £1,470 over the course of the year thanks to inflation rising faster than their salaries. This will leave them £1,328 worse off overall, according to analysis from mutual Scottish Friendly.

Kevin Brown, of the firm, said Boris Johnson's "tax cut" would not help lower-income households. "Despite some headline savings on contributions, average income households are still going to be much worse off thanks to inflation and its effect on wages," he said.

Others pointed out that higher earners would still end up paying more in NI this year as the Prime Minister increased the rates of NI in April by 1.25 percentage points to help pay for health and social care.

Nick Bustin, of the tax firm Haysmacintyre, said the threshold change was "no silver bullet to ease the cost of living crisis". He said the tax cut was a "knee-jerk" reaction to increasing rates just a few months before.

This, he said, had made it harder for people to understand just how much better or worse off they will be this year.

He added: "While those earning under £40,000 will be better off overall, make no mistake, these changes are complex. An employee who has remained on the same salary between March and July will have paid three different amounts in NI.

"Last year, a person earning £20,000 would have paid £104 per month in NI contributions, in April that figure rose to £112 but it will now fall to £82," he said. "However, someone earning £70,000 will now pay £467 per month, up from £439 before April - although less than the £499 they've paid over the past few months."

Document TELUK00020220706ei76001e1




City,Family,Travel,UK Travel,Deals and sales,Family Holiday Deals,Holidays,Travel Deals,UK Holiday Deals
HOT DEALS Last-minute staycations with hot tubs - from £41 a night in July

Giuli Graziano 
504 words
3 July 2022
07:02 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2022 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

IF you're still looking for a hot tub stay this summer, we've found the best deals from £41pp a night in July.

The deals come from Forest Holidays, a company that specialises in holidays in forests and other rural areas in the UK.

If you click on a link in this piece, we may earn affiliate revenue.

Whether you're planning a romantic break, a girls' staycation or a weekend away with the family, there are still options to choose from.

Forest Holidays has cabins in popular locations across the country, including Scotland, Cornwall, Yorkshire and Hampshire.

* Book here

The biggest bargain we've found is in Sherwood Forest, Nottinghamshire, with three-night stays costing from £755 per stay.

The accommodation can sleep up to six people, meaning the deal works out at £41pp a night.

For even bigger groups, the Golden Oak treehouse in Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire can sleep up to 10 people.

Three-night stays are available from £90pp a night.

The five-bedroom property has a hot tub, a log-burning stove, a gas barbecue, wifi and connected tv.

The property also features a full kitchen, four modern bathrooms and eco-friendly toiletries are supplied on arrival.

Here are some other deals we've found in July:

* 3 nights in Argyll, Loch Long, departing July 8 from £530 per stay (sleeps 4, £44pppn)

* 3 nights in Thorpe Forest, Norfolk, departing July 15 from £680 per stay (sleeps 4, £56pppn)

* 3 nights in the Golden Oak Treehouse in Thorpe Forest, Norfolk from £2,148 per stay (sleeps 10, £71.60pppn)

* 3 nights in Meadow - Golden Oak Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, departing July 15 - from £699 per stay (sleeps 4, £58pppn)

* 3 nights in Deerpark, Cornwall, departing July 15 from £795 per stay (sleeps 4, £66pppn) 

* 3 nights in Thorpe Forset, Norfolk, departing July 22 from £790 per stay (sleeps 4, £65pppn)

* 3 nights in Delamere Forest, Cheshire, departing July 22 from £970 per stay (sleeps 4, £79pppn)

* 3 nights in a Golden Oak Treehouse in Delamere Forest, Chesire from £2,430 (sleeps 10, from £81pppn)

* 3 nights in Keldy, North Yorkshire, departing July 29 from £770 per stay (sleeps 4, £63pppn)

* 3 nights in Thorpe Park, Norfolk, departing July 29 from £770 per stay (sleeps 4, £63pppn)

Most locations have wheelchair-accessible rooms, including special lifts for using the hot tub.

Pet-friendly cabins are also available, for an additional £15 per pet, per night, with a maximum of four pets.

We've also found the cheapest beach holidays to Turkey from £25 a night in July.

If you want to start planning your staycations for next year, Parkdean Resorts have 2023 UK holidays on sale from £7pp a night.

Haven has also launched deals on its 2023 holidays, on sale now from £3pp a night.

Document THESCOT020220703ei73001gu




News
House buying just got harder

TOM BOWDEN SCOTT CARBINES 
504 words
2 July 2022
The Advertiser
ADVTSR
Advertiser
23
English
© News Pty Limited. No redistribution is permitted. 

IT has never been harder to buy a home in South Australia, new data shows. Market analysis from PropTrack reveals homebuyers require 120.2 per cent of their annual household income to save for a 20 per cent deposit.

In contrast, in 1990, when interest rates sat at a record high 17.5 per cent, buyers needed just 49.9 per cent of their income for a deposit.

Economist Saul Eslake said it was not easy for those trying to buy a home. "It's probably the most difficult time in Australia's history to raise the deposit required to enter home ownership," he said.

"However, if you can raise the deposit, then servicing a mortgage is not as difficult as it has been on a number of occasions over the past 30 or so years because interest rates, although they have risen 75 basis points from their all-time lows, are nonetheless still very low by historic standards." This increase in required percentage of income, coupled with the rising cost of living, paints a similar picture to those conditions experienced in 1990.

Comparing commodity price increases over the past year with the 12 months to 1990, fruit and vegetable price rises stand out as an obvious impost on buyers and savers.

These are up 6.7 per cent over the past year, whereas in the 12 months to 1990, they dropped by 0.7 per cent.

Meat and seafood prices have also increased more in the past year than in the 12 months to 1990 - up 6.2 per cent this year, compared with 5.7 per cent in 1990.

Mr Eslake said he suspected housing affordability would "get worse" over the next year "because the impact of higher rates will probably outweigh the impact of lower prices".

Despite this, Real Estate Institute of South Australia interim chief executive Cain Cooke said people were still buying houses.

"A lot of people have been trying to buy for some time and they're still in the market," he said. "I'd certainly say to them to not be despondent, there is a way, but it certainly is a challenging time." To help make home ownership more attainable, HomeStart has a shared equity option, allowing people to borrow on 75 per cent of the value of a property.

HomeStart effectively acts as a "silent party" for the other 25 per cent. The lender shares in any gain or loss when the house is sold, chief executive Andrew Mills said. "The advantage is that the homebuyer is only making regular repayments and paying interest on their part of the loan and not the shared equity portion," he said.

Mortgage broker and musician Roger Gonzalez, 40, and his visual effects artist wife Kate, 45, bought a home in Clarence Gardens last year through HomeStart and said home ownership had always been a dream. "Saving while renting was really tricky but we're so happy now," he said.

Document ADVTSR0020220701ei720003n




It Depends - What did the High Court in Hill v Zuda decide about binding death benefit nominations in SMSFs?

Scott Bartlem 
504 words
30 June 2022
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2022 Mondaq Ltd 

In this edition of 'It depends', partner Scott Hay-Bartlem talks about the recent Hill v Zuda High Court decision on binding death benefit nominations in self-managed superannuation funds.

VIDEO TRANSCRIPT

Welcome to this 'It depends' where I'm talking about what the High Court decided about binding death benefit nominations in self-managed superannuation funds in the recent case of Hill v Zuda.

So, Zuda Pty Ltd was the trustee of The Holly Superannuation Fund which was a self-managed superannuation fund. One of the members died and his daughter challenged his binding death benefit nomination on the basis it did not comply with the specific rules for binding death benefit nominations in the superannuation rules.

The High Court decided that the provisions of the superannuation laws that apply to binding death benefit nominations do not apply in self-managed superannuation funds.

Okay, so this means that when we're doing binding death benefit nominations in self-managed superannuation funds, it all comes down to the trust deed. So, you'll have to, say with me. Read the deed, read the deed, read the deed. The specific provisions in the superannuation laws about three-year lapsing's and two witnesses are not relevant to SMSFs unless of course your trust deed says so. And it comes back to looking at your deed and following it precisely.

Well, this is our "it depends". So, the High Court challenge on this particular issue has been sorted out, but there are many, many, many other issues, and many other ways we see binding benefit nominations being challenged. So, does it follow the deed, have we worded it properly? Does it have the result that we want? Does it work in with the overall estate plan? We still see many disputes about binding death benefit nominations. It's not all okay yet.

Now, join Clinton Jackson and I on the 3rd of June at: pm. We'll do a webinar. We'll talk about all this in far more detail. Thanks for watching this It depends.

© Cooper Grace Ward Lawyers

Cooper Grace Ward is a leading Australian law firm based in Brisbane.

This publication is for information only and is not legal advice. You should obtain advice that is specific to your circumstances and not rely on this publication as legal advice. If there are any issues you would like us to advise you on arising from this publication, please contact Cooper Grace Ward Lawyers.

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2022 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

The Background The Decision What does that mean? So, binding death benefit nominations are all okay for self managed super funds then?

Mr Scott Bartlem

Cooper Grace Ward

Level 21

400 George Street

Brisbane

QLD

4000

AUSTRALIA

Tel: 73231 2444

Fax: 73231 3221

E-mail: communication@cgw.com.au

Document BBPUB00020220630ei6u00004




Motors,News,Ford Motor Company,Money saving,Skoda,Volkswagen
TAKE COVER I'm a car expert and these are the CHEAPEST cars to insure saving you the most money

Rory White 
504 words
29 June 2022
06:34 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2022 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

The cheapest cars to insure in Britain have been revealed across a range of different types.

The data is based on May 2022 and the categories include the best cars for new drivers, young drivers, families, sports car fans and those looking to go electric.

Based on insurance premiums from Admiral Insurance, the study found that geographically the UK average annual premium cost for car insurance in May was £574.

Drivers in Scotland get the best value premiums, paying 13% less than the UK average with annual costs of £497.

Unsurprisingly, premiums were highest in Greater London with costs of £750, a 31% increase on the UK average.

And despite Admiral confirming it doesn't calculate insurance based on gender, its May pricing figures showed that men paid 21% more for their premiums than women, at an average of £623 compared to £514.

Best for new drivers - Volkswagen Up!

Insurance for new drivers is notoriously expensive but the Volkswagen Up is here to help.

The maximum insurance group it sits in is group four out of 50, but the majority are actually in one or two.

That means it's the cheapest average quote from Admiral for new drivers at £750.12 for the year.

Best for 17-25 year olds - Skoda Citigo

The Skoda Citigo was actually slightly cheaper to buy when new than the VW Up and is essentially the same car.

It's the cheaper option for slightly older drivers between the ages of 17 and 25, though.

Most of the Citigo's models fall into groups one or two for insurance and Admiral's average quote is £512.18 for the year.

Best for families - Ford Puma

If you need a slightly bigger car fit for a family the Ford Puma is a great choice.

It looks the part and has a decent amount of space for rear passengers and luggage. It's great to drive too.

With it sitting in insurance groups as low as 14, it's Admiral's cheapest family motor at an average of £303.19 for the year.

Best for going electric - Volkswagen ID.3

It's no secret that electrics will save you money on 'fuel' but they're still more expensive to buy on average.

They're also more expensive to insure on average, but some are sensibly priced.

The best is the VW ID.3 which has an average premium of £379.69 with Admiral and the MG5 wasn't dar behind that.

Best sports car - BMW Z4

And if you're looking for something a little bit sportier, you might assume you have to pay through the nose for insurance.

That is the case for some sports cars, but some are surprisingly cheap.

The cheapest according to Admiral is the BMW Z4, with an average yearly premium of £479.95.

Document THESCOT020220628ei6s00bqe




Money
Bargain hunter explains supermarket mistake that costs you £200 every month

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
28 June 2022
08:47 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Tom Church, 31, who is one of the co-founders of LatestDeals.co.uk, says he is a "disloyal" shopper and always visits different stores to make sure he gets the best prices

A bargain hunter has explained how he saves roughly £200 each month in the supermarkets by comparing prices.

Dad-of-one Tom Church, 31, who is one of the co-founders of LatestDeals.co.uk, says he is a "disloyal" shopper and always visits different stores to get the best prices.

There are websites and apps that let you check prices online so you don't have to go store-to-store.

"Comparing prices only takes a couple of seconds when you write your shopping list. I use the free supermarket price comparison tool on the Latest Deals app," said Tom.

"I just search 'Fairy Liquid' or 'Heinz Baked Beans' and see which supermarket has it cheapest.

"Then I group the items under each supermarket and whizz around them to get the best prices."

He added: "When I go to the supermarkets now it's clearly more expensive.

"I tend to stick to a fixed amount every time I shop, and I noticed I was getting less and less for my money."

Five price comparisons

* Anchor Salted Butter -£2 at Tesco; £2.45 at Iceland

* John West Tuna -£3 at Asda; £5 at Ocado

* TRESemme ProPure Airlight Volume Shampoo -£3 at Sainsbury's; £4.50 elsewhere

* BodyForm Sanitary Towels -£1 at Sainsbury's; £1.55 at Morrisons.

* McCain's Chips -£3 at Waitrose; Asda at £4

"I save about £200 a month on my family's shopping by comparing prices and going to the cheapest supermarket whenever possible for each item," said Tom.

"Even when I'm in a store and think of a product I didn't research before I came out, I only have to look it up on the app and within seconds I'll know if I need to head elsewhere for a better price."

Another way to compare prices online is by using Trolley.co.uk.

As well as comparing prices, you should try to avoid convenience stores if you can -and always shop in larger stores.

Which said households spend up to £10.20 more each week at a Sainsbury's Local rather than a regular Sainsbury's supermarket.

This was the biggest difference spotted by the consumer magazine over the course of a year.

Over the 12-month period, the average weekly difference added up to a staggering £322 over the course of a year.

Meanwhile, a basket of groceries from Tesco Express cost on average £279 more over 12 months.

Another way to cut your grocery shop is to try "downshifting" branded products for supermarket-own labels.

It is estimated this could save you around 30%.

This means if you spend £100 each week on food, you could save £30 -over four weeks, you'll have pocketed £120.

Document MIRUK00020220628ei6s002mh




City breaks,Family,Travel,UK Travel,Deals and sales,Family Holiday Deals,Holidays,Staycation tips and ideas,Travel Deals,UK Holiday Deals
COME ON INN Premier Inn has family rooms from £10.50pp a night & kids eat FREE

Giuli Graziano 
504 words
27 June 2022
11:59 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

Premier Inn has cheap family rooms from £42 a night this summer, which works out at £10.50 for a family of four.

Destinations included in the offer are near attractions, museums, and theme parks, perfect for a family staycation during the school holidays.

If you click on a link in this piece, we may earn affiliate revenue.

All the rooms at Premier Inn feature a TV, free wifi, tea and coffee makers and a desk.

The family room will have either sofa beds or pull-out beds for the kids depending on the hotel.

Premier Inn have hotels across the country, so if you don't have a specific destination in mind, here are some of the best locations included in the deal:

* Hotels near attractions and museums such as the Natural History Museum, National Railway Museum, and Wollaton Hall, Nottingham

* Hotels near family-friendly attractions such as Harry Potter Studios, Peppa Pig World, Eureka! Halifax, and Chester Zoo

* Hotels near theme parks such as Legoland, Warwick Castle and Thorpe Park

If you're looking for a day out Legoland, family rooms in Slough are available from £49 per room, per night.

Hotels in London are also available from £92 per room, per night.

Family rooms in Watford North, near the Harry Potter Studios, cost from £96.50 per room, per night.

Here are some of the best deals on family rooms near popular UK attractions:

* Alton Towers - Uttoxeter from £77 per room, per night

* Dayton Manor Resort - Tamworth from £88 per room, per night

* Blackpool Pleasure Beach - from £60 per room, per night

* Chessington World of Adventure - Chessington from £66 per room, per night

* Gulliver's World - Warrington from £42 per room, per night

* Gulliver's Land Theme Park - Milton Keynes from £68 per room, per night

* Dreamland Margate - Margate from £61 per room, per night

* Bewilderwood Norfolk from £73 per room, per night

* Cadbury World - Birmingham from £47 per room, per night

In addition, up to two under-16s eat breakfast for free when one adult orders a full Premier Inn Breakfast.

The unlimited breakfast is available for just £9.50, and it offers two types of breakfast, the all-you-can-eat cooked breakfast and the continental breakfast.

The all-you-can-eat includes favourites like bacon, hash browns, sausages and eggs while the continental breakfast is a lighter option, with fruit, cereal and fresh pastries.

Prices were correct at time of publication.

For a holiday this summer, we've rounded up Haven's best indoor and outdoor swimming pools from £4pp a night.

We've also found the best UK holiday parks with waterslides, breaks from £4pp a night.

We've also rounded up the top 10 all-inclusive hotels with waterparks in Turkey, Greece and Egypt on TripAdvisor.

Document THESUK0020220627ei6r007c7




Student loan ABS delinquencies see slight upticks

Donna Mitchell 
504 words
23 June 2022
Asset Securitization Report Online
ASECO
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2022 Arizent. All rights reserved. 

The three major sector of the student loan asset-backed securities (SLABS) market experienced saw increases in metrics such as charge-offs, delinquencies, forbearances and deferments in Q1 2022, as well as a small quarterly decrease in prepayment speeds, according to a recent assessment from Morningstar | DBRS.

Those changes, however, were generally slight across the board, so industry observers did not raise alarms about SLABS' immediate or near-term performance. The notes' underlying loans are expected to continue to be resilient, based on borrower profiles.

Among refinance SLABS, borrowers were financially strong when the loans were originated, and they work in professions with low unemployment rates, according to DBRS. Cumulative chargeoffs on the oldest vintages, particularly 2013 and 2014, were 0.2% and 0.3% of the initial principal balances, after 57 and 61 months of seasoning, respectively.

Similarly, average monthly 30-plus day delinquencies were 0.38% of the total outstanding principal balance, a slight increase from 0.32% that the pools experienced in Q4 2021, but more than twice the 0.17% recorded in Q1 2021.

Borrowers that availed themselves of forbearance represented 0.56% of the total principal balance of outstanding refinance ABS transactions, a drop from 1.27% in Q1 2021, according to DBRS. As for deferments, on average the deferment usage rate was 0.47% in Q1 2022, an increase from the average usage rates of 0.32% recorded in Q1 2021, the rating agency said.

There was a slight uptick from the average rate of 0.44% in Q4 2021, the rating agency noted, which reflected a general increase in deferment usage over time. In June 2018, for instance, deferment usage was 0.10%.

"The general increase over time is likely attributable to lenders originating a growing proportion of loans to borrowers who are refinancing only undergraduate degrees," according to DBRS's report.

Among traditional private SLABS, total securitized volume stood at about $122.7 million, a small increase over the prior quarter, and a year-over-year increase of 11.9%. DBRS noted that outstanding securitization balance continues to decline, overall, the effect of prepayments and regular loan amortization. The latter continues to outpace growth in ABS collateral volumes.

As for ABS performance among private SLABS, the rating agency noted that annualized gross defaults were 1.8% of the repayment balance, compared with 1.7% in Q4 2021, and 1.3% in Q1 2021.

Despite these results, annualized gross defaults remain low and are about 77% lower than the peak annualized gross defaults of about 8.0% that the segment experienced in Q3 2009.

According to DBRA, securitizations completed after 2008 were secured by loans to stronger borrowers than those in pre-crisis vintages.

As for FFELP student loan ABS, 10.4% of average repayment balances was 30-days delinquent. Forbearances stood at 10.6% of the outstanding balance, a bump up from the average forbearance rate of 10.5% in Q1 2021, according to the rating agency.

Document ASECO00020220624ei6n00001




Mill Point: Prime Pensions Acquires Northwest Retirement Plan Consultants

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
22 June 2022
Contify Investment News
ATINVT
English
Copyright © 2022. Contify.com 

Prime Pensions LLC ("Prime Pensions"), a portfolio company of Mill Point Capital LLC ("Mill Point"), announced today that it has acquired Northwest Retirement Plan Consultants, LLC ("NWRPC" or the "Company"), a Washington-based provider of retirement plan design, administration and consulting services. Martin Smith and Debbie Smith, Managing Principals of NWRPC, said, "Our partnership with Prime Pensions and Mill Point provides meaningful resources to drive both future growth and expansion of our client base. This partnership demonstrates our commitment to providing exemplary service to our clients."

Original Press Release:

Florham Park, New Jersey, June 22 -- Mill Point Capital LLC issued the following news release:

Prime Pensions LLC ("Prime Pensions"), a portfolio company of Mill Point Capital LLC ("Mill Point"), announced today that it has acquired Northwest Retirement Plan Consultants, LLC ("NWRPC" or the "Company"), a Washington-based provider of retirement plan design, administration and consulting services. NWRPC is a leading provider of third-party retirement plan compliance and administration services to small and medium-sized businesses. Key services include plan design and implementation, annual administration, consulting and other actuarial services to ensure its clients are compliant with the United States Department of Labor, IRS and other regulatory organizations. Since the Company's founding in 2014, NWRPC has been a top Washington service provider in the retirement plan administration industry. The Company is headquartered in Puyallup, WA and primarily operates in the Northwestern United States. Martin Smith and Debbie Smith, Managing Principals of NWRPC, commented, "Our partnership with Prime Pensions and Mill Point provides meaningful resources to drive both future growth and expansion of our client base. This partnership demonstrates our commitment to providing exemplary service to our clients." Scott Feit, CEO of Prime Pensions, commented, "The acquisition of NWRPC is highly complementary to Prime Pensions as it diversifies our client base and adds significant extension to our geographic presence. We are thrilled that NWRPC and its clients are joining the Prime Pensions family. I am looking forward to having the Managing Principals of NWRPC continue in their roles and join the leadership team of the combined business." About Prime Pensions Headquartered in Florham Park, NJ, Prime Pensions is an independent provider of retirement plan compliance and administration services primarily to small and medium-sized businesses. Prime Pensions is not affiliated with any investment product provider and does not offer investment advice. For more information, please visit www.primepensionsinc.com. About Mill Point Capital Mill Point Capital LLC is a private equity firm focused on control investments in lower-middle market companies in North America across the business services, IT services and industrials sectors in North America. Mill Point's experienced team of investors and Executive Partners seek portfolio company value enhancement through rigorous implementation of transformative strategic initiatives and operational improvements. Mill Point is based in New York, NY. For more information, please visit www.millpoint.com.

Source: Mill Point Capital LLC

[Category: Financial Services, Savings Institutions/ Schemes, M&A Activities]

Document ATINVT0020220629ei6m000b6




News
State pension age increase linked to rise in poverty rate

JOSEPHINE CUMBO 
504 words
20 June 2022
Financial Times
FTFT
1; Main
2
English
Copyright 2022 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web. 

IFS report

Poverty rates among 65-year-olds in Britain have doubled following an increase in the state pension age, according to an analysis by a leading think-tank.

Between 2018 and 2020, the state pension age for men and women rose from 65 to 66, resulting in about 700,000 65-year-olds having to wait another year before they could claim a state pension of about £142 per week.

The subsequent increase in tax revenues raised from 9 per cent of 65-yearolds staying in work longer and the reduction in state benefits led to a £4.9bn annual boost to Treasury coffers, according to the report published today by the Institute for Fiscal Studies.

But the reform also led to a sharp rise in older households living below the poverty line, particularly those not in paid work, the research found.

Absolute income poverty levels, after housing costs, for 65-year-olds rose by 14 percentage points, or nearly 100,000 people, to reach 24 per cent by late 2020, according to the report.

The less well-educated, renters and single people were hardest hit, with poverty rates among these groups increasing by more than 20 percentage points.

The analysis comes as the government considers whether to push ahead with faster rises in the state pension age, against a backdrop of an ageing population. The state pension age is already set to increase for men and women to 67 between 2026 and 2028, while an independent review of the pension age is considering whether a scheduled increase to 68 should be brought forward by seven years to 2037-39.

The increase in the state pension age pushed down the net income of 65-yearolds by an average of £108 per week, accounting for all forms of income, including state pensions, earnings, other benefits, private pensions and investment incomes.

"These statistics are shocking," said Emily Andrews, deputy director for work at the Centre for Ageing Better, which funded the IFS research. "The severity of this situation means it is crucial the government gets serious on improving access to work for people in their 60s."

Baroness Ros Altmann, a former pensions minister, said the findings were "truly shocking", adding: "The scale of increased poverty caused by the rise in state pension starting age is further evidence that the blunt cost-saving tool of increasing state pension age is creating increased social injustice."

In the current year 2022-23, a full new weekly state pension is worth £185. According to government data, the state pension makes up just over half of income for middle-income pensioners, and more than 80 per cent of income for the poorest fifth of pensioners.

The Department for Work and Pensions said it provided a strong welfare safety net, which included universal credit, for those who could not work approaching pension age.

'The blunt cost-saving tool of increasing state pension age is creating increased social injustice'

Document FTFT000020220620ei6k0005h




Voluntary National Insurance: How to boost your state pension entitlement

Samantha Leathers 
504 words
18 June 2022
04:11 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2022 

THE NATIONAL Insurance threshold is set to rise next month which could put some Britons behind on their qualifying years for state pension. However, they could be able to fill the gaps.

The amount of state pension one receives once they hit 66 depends largely on how many 'qualifying years' they have. However, these years don't always have to be worked as they can also be bought through voluntary National Insurance.

Related articles

A qualifying year is defined as a tax year during which a person has paid or been credited with enough National Insurance contributions to count towards state pension.

With the threshold rising, many will find themselves with more cash in the pocket as they now fall below the lowest tax bracket but it will in turn stop them from earning qualifying years through their work.

An alternative to working, or being credited, for National Insurance contributions, are voluntary contributions.

These can be bought at any point in one's life, making it a life saver for many who get to state pension age and realise they are a few years short.

READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the 'best thing' to do with inheritance money

Additionally, voluntary contributions can fill up one's National Insurance record and potentially make them eligible for contribution-based benefits.

The deadline for paying voluntary contributions is April 5 each year.

Britons can pay these contributions to cover the past six years, but some circumstances may mean they can go further back.

There are different voluntary contributions rates as well, with class two and three counting towards both state pension and different contributory benefits.

DONT MISS:

The 5 kitchen appliances pushing your energy bills up and how to fix it [GUIDE]

State pension age will rise to 70 and beyond as DWP brings retirement age hike FORWARD [UPDATE]

Martin Lewis explains how pensioners could secure 'serious money' - 'don't stall, call!' [INSIGHT]

/finance/personalfinance/1625727/State-pension-age-70-DWP-retirement-age-pensioners

READ MORE

Those who live and work abroad can only contribute class two contributions if they worked in the UK before they left and previously lived in the UK for at least three years in a row.

The following will qualify Britons for class three contributions:

READ MORE

People who qualify under the following can voluntarily contribute class two or class three:

Related articles

var iframe = document.getElementById; iframe.src += `&theme=${window.location.hostname.split[1] & ''}`; iframe.onload = function { iFrameResize; }

Currently the cost of voluntary contributions are as follows:

Essentially, purchasing a years' worth of state pension will cost £163.80 for those using class two contributions and £824.20 for those using class three.

These amounts are subject to change.

Related articles State pension age will rise to 70 and beyond as DWP brings retireme... State pension: DWP calls on pensioners to apply for Pension Credit State pension could be slashed long term due to a key July change

Document EXCO000020220618ei6i0012y




Pensions retirement
Retirees with cursed company pensions lose £75m to inflation

By Jessica Beard 
504 words
14 June 2022
03:00 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2022. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

200,000 Britons will have payouts capped despite rocketing inflation

Almost 200,000 British pensioners whose old employers have gone bust will be thousands of pounds poorer in retirement, as they are denied inflation-linked boosts.

The Pension Protection Fund acts as a safety net for savers in final salary or "defined benefit" schemes by guaranteeing to pay their pension if their employer goes under.

But retirees whose pensions are in the lifeboat fund will be among the hardest hit by the cost of living crisis, forced to watch their spending power fall by hundreds of pounds. The amount their pensions increase by next April will be capped at 2.5pc or frozen, falling far short of runaway inflation, which is expected to reach 10pc this year.

Hundreds of thousands of pensioners in the PPF will be more than £75m worse off in real terms, and will have little to no protection against rising prices. The fund pays out more than £1bn in pension income each year, amounting to £5,600 a year per person on average.

More than 83,000 elderly members will be dealt the hardest blow, as those with pensionable service before April 1997 won't see any increase in their PPF benefits and so are especially vulnerable.

Helen Morrissey, of stockbroker Hargreaves Lansdown, warned that the cap would come as a "nasty shock" after years of relatively low inflation.

"Added to the 3.1pc increase in the state pension this low increase leaves many pensioners struggling to cope with the cost of essentials such as food, fuel and energy continuing to skyrocket and even those who are more comfortably off are still facing tough financial choices."

This will come as a double whammy for pensioners, after the Government suspended the state pension "triple lock" for a year. Pensions only rose by 3.1pc this April after the Government ignored an abnormal 8.1pc wage growth figures impacted by furlough. The controversial decision left over-66s £13,000 poorer over an average retirement.

A PPF spokesman said the group recognised the impact that the cost of living crisis is having on everyone but that as a public corporation, it had to stick to compensations set out in legislation. He said: "We were set up by the Government to pay members of eligible defined benefit pension schemes compensation for their lost pensions if their employer failed."

If you become a member of the PPF and you are over the pension age of the scheme then you will receive 100pc of the pension in payment when the company enters insolvency. However, if the member is under the pension age or retired early then they will receive 90pc of what they were promised. This is currently subject to a cap of £40,020 per year at age 65.

Reader Service: Do you know what makes a

 good pension pot 

? Learn

 how to find your old pensions 

to boost your savings.

Document TELUK00020220614ei6e0002t


DWP opens consultation on saver pension choices

hope.william-smith@incisivemedia.com(Hope William-Smith) 
504 words
14 June 2022
Professional Pensions
PROFPEN
English
© 2022 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has opened a consultation to determine what support and information occupational scheme savers expect in the lead up to taking their pension, at the point of access, and as they start to use their savings.

The  call for input today (14 June) is focussed on trust-based schemes and builds on research conducted by the Financial Conduct Authority for the contract-based market.

The regulator found most savers choose the "path of lease resistance" when it comes to accessing savings which often sees savers take an income from their provider without shopping around for the most suitable product and without understanding how their workplace scheme is invested.

The questions within the DWP's call for input cover a range of related topics including: member expectations and aspirations; information, guidance and decision-making; member communications and engagement; available products in the trust-based market; and use of investment pathways and alternative models like collective defined contribution schemes.

"Deciding how to use your workplace pension savings is one of the most important financial decisions many people will make," pensions and financial inclusion minister Guy Opperman said.

"We want to ensure the record number of Brits now saving for retirement have the support and information they need to make informed choices about accessing their hard-earned savings."

The government said it hoped the further research it was conducting would help it understand what support schemes currently offer to members and what they are considering offering to them in the future.

Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association director of policy and advocacy Nigel Peaple said the government's call for input on existing and new solutions in the trust-based sector was a positive move.

"We look forward to engaging further with the DWP on this topic throughout the consultation process and beyond," he added. "Since the pension freedoms individuals have had more options regarding how they access their pension savings, but most people need support in making these important and complex decisions."

Lane Clark & Peacock partner and former pensions minister Sir Steve Webb agreed: "A key issue is what happens at and post-retirement, and this has so far received little attention from policy makers."

He added: "Most people will have modest pension pots and no access to financial advice, so they need products which will work for them without needing active engagement or investment expertise."

Webb explained that a 'flex first, fix later' style pension could be one such product which combines "the best of both worlds".

"It's the flexibility and growth potential of drawdown and the certainty of a late life annuity," he said. "I hope that this DWP consultation will give proper attention to what happens post-retirement, as the right strategy at retirement may not be the right strategy ten or 20 years later."

The consultation will run for six weeks, closing on 25 July.

To view photo, click here.

Document PROFPEN020220614ei6e00007




Private Properties
Real Estate
Frankie Valli Puts L.A. Condo on the Market for $3.195 Million; The Four Seasons singer rented out the three-bedroom property out for $15,000 a month, but 'doesn't want to be a landlord' anymore

By Sarah Paynter 
504 words
15 June 2022
12:36 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2022 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Frankie Valli, lead singer of the rock 'n' roll group the Four Seasons, is listing his Los Angeles condo for $3.195 million.

The 88-year-old singer said he bought the three-bedroom condo in Westwood for about $2.55 million in 2009 and has used it as a pied-à-terre; his primary residence is in the San Fernando Valley, about a half-hour drive away.

"The convenience was really spectacular," said Mr. Valli, who shot to fame in the 1960s with hits like "Big Girls Don't Cry" and "Walk Like a Man." "To get to the airport, I just had to get on the freeway instead of leaving from the Valley. Or if I had to go into town, I could stay at the condo and leave in the morning."

In 2017, he began renting out the condo, asking $15,000 a month, but is now selling because it is underused and he "doesn't want to be a landlord," he said.

"It's a hard property to let go of. It's that nice. But you can only be at one place at a time," said Mr. Valli. He plans to spend more time traveling than he has over the past few years, when many of his performances with the Four Seasons were canceled due to the pandemic. "When I get home, I want to be at home."

The roughly 3,200-square-foot condo is on the ninth floor of the La Tour condominium, according to co-listing agent Emilio Valli of Coldwell Banker Realty, the singer's son. The apartment has city and mountain views, as well as a balcony off the dining room.

Built in 1990, the building has valet parking and a heavy security presence, which is one of the reasons the elder Mr. Valli said he chose it. "The security is the thing I was looking for," he said.

Frankie Valli grew up in Newark, N.J. Known for his falsetto, he had his first hit in 1962 with the Four Seasons song "Sherry." The group was the subject of the Broadway show "Jersey Boys," which was made into a 2014 movie starring John Lloyd Young, Christopher Walken and Vincent Piazza. Mr. Valli plans to tour in Europe in the near future, he said.

The younger Mr. Valli has the listing with colleague Stephen Udoff.

SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS

What are your favorite features of Franki Valli's home? Join the conversation below.

In May, condo sales over $2 million in Los Angeles County were up 25% compared with May of last year, according to a Douglas Elliman report.

Write to Sarah Paynter at Sarah.paynter@wsj.com

Frankie Valli Puts L.A. Condo on the Market for $3.195 Million

Document WSJO000020220614ei6e002s1




Money
Energy customers hit by billing error that affects payments -what you need to know

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
13 June 2022
07:28 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

The issue affects a "small number" of Bulb customers who were meant to have a direct debit taken by the energy provider on June 1. Here's what you need to know

Bulb customers have been hit by an billing error that means some direct debit payments will be taken later than usual.

The issue affects a "small number" of households who were meant to have a direct debit taken by the energy provider on June 1.

These customers will instead have their payments taken on a later date in June.

Bulb, who has around one million customers, has been emailing everyone who is affected with details of the date when their money will be taken.

You won't need to do anything, as the money should be taken automatically.

Have you received an email from Bulb saying your payment is being taken at a later date Let us know: mirror.money.saving@mirror.co.uk

The energy firm blamed the fault on a "technical outage" with its direct debit provider, according to MoneySavingExpert.

An email sent to some households reads: "We usually take your energy payments on the 1st of the month.

"Unfortunately, a technical hitch has caused a delay this time."

It continued: "Sorry for the extra hassle. We'll be back to normal for next month."

If you've been affected by the issue, you'll need to make sure you have enough money in your account to cover the later payment.

Or if you manually paid your bill after your direct debit failed, Bulb said you shouldn't have another payment taken this month.

If another payment does mistakenly go out though, meaning you've paid the same bill twice, contact Bulb.

A spokesperson for Bulb said: "Due to this outage a small number of DD payments for 1st June weren't taken.

"We've already begun communicating this to affected members, explaining that their payments will be taken in the coming days, giving them appropriate notice of the payments.

"No other payments were impacted that day and members don't need to take any action."

Bulb was put into "special administration" in November 2021 after admitting that it could no longer afford to keep afloat.

This process meant the firm was propped up by taxpayer cash, so it can continue to operate as a business and provide energy to its customers.

Bulb has recently reopened its energy hardship fund for customers who are struggling.

The exact help available depends on your individual circumstances, but can include a £140 grant that you don't have to repay.

You may also be able to get up to £2,000 worth of debt written off.

Other support that could be offered to you includes help buying energy efficient appliances, such as fridges and washing machines.

The help from Bulb is offered in conjunction with Citizens Advice. You can access the Bulb fund online.

Document MIRUK00020220613ei6d00238




Money,News Money,Deals and sales,Food,McDonald's
LOVIN IT Fans can get a fiver off popular McDonald's menu items before they are AXED in days

Emily Downes 
504 words
6 June 2022
01:59 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

MCDONALD'S fans can score a saving on their snacks today - but they'll have to be quick.

That's especially the case as a number of menu favourites are on their way out the door in just DAYS, too.

The good news first: Anybody after a Maccies today can get £5 off their order.

The catch is that you have to spend at least £15 first though.

And it has to be on an order place through the My McDonald's app.

Savvy savers spotted the snacking deal on bargain hunting site, hotukdeals.

The same deal was running yesterday too, but it comes to an end at midnight tonight, so hungry fans will have to be quick to cash-in, with just HOURS left to redeem.

It applies to anything on the menu so long as you meet the minimum order requirement.

That £15 doesn't include delivery fees though - you have to stock up on at least £15 worth of grub to qualify for the fiver off.

It has to be an order placed through the app too - and that's free to download.

Once you open up the app, you can apply the discount via the deals page.

Then just choose whether you'd like to collect your discounted snacks via Drive-thru, click and serve, takeaway or in restaurant instead.

Importantly though, you can only use the deal one time, so you'll have to tot up your basket carefully.

When you do so, you might want to take your pick of the four items that are in fact LEAVING Maccies' menu this week.

McDonald's launched a major menu change with all new items entering the line-up at the end of April.

Sadly their time is coming to an end, which means fans don't have long to get a last taste.

Products like the popular McSpicy chicken burger, and the Grand Big Mac will only be available to buy until June 7.

We'll also see the Flake McFlurry and its raspberry twin disappear from the range too.

But not all is lost, as the fast-food giant will be sure to plug the gap with more exciting products in their absence.

We don't yet know exactly what McDonald's will replace the departing menu items with, but we will update this story once we know more.

The fast food giant switches up its menus roughly every six weeks to give fans a bigger range of choice, so it won't be the end of shake-ups like this either.

Just keep in mind that stock is subject to availability if you are after a last ditch taste of the current range.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020220605ei65007sl




Press Release: Zovio Employer Partnerships Help Working Adults Obtain a College Degree

504 words
4 June 2022
12:58 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2022, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

Zovio Employer Partnerships Help Working Adults Obtain a College Degree

PR Newswire

CHANDLER, Ariz., June 3, 2022

Zovio teams up with more than 1,300 employers to offer a college education to their employees.

CHANDLER, Ariz., June 3, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Zovio (Nasdaq: ZVO), an education technology services company that partners with higher education and employers, would like to congratulate the 209 working adults who graduated from its partner the University of Arizona Global Campus (UAGC) on May 22 through its corporate tuition assistance program. Zovio Employer Solutions (ZES) helps more than 1,300 companies and organizations across the country optimize usage of their corporate tuition assistance programs in partnership with the UAGC.

Zovio helps working adults by bringing together universities and employers to provide access to flexible upskilling programs and degrees to prepare individuals for the jobs of today and tomorrow. Through these corporate partnerships, employees can enroll in university degree programs paid by their employers' tuition assistance or attend college-level courses at a discounted rate.

There are more than 10,000 students currently enrolled in Zovio Employer Solutions-supported programs. The 200+ UAGC graduates earned their degrees through corporate tuition assistance programs offered by employers in the healthcare, telecommunications, general freight trucking, media and technology, and financial services industries.

"As today's jobs need new skills, it's important that there are education programs that are flexible and designed to meet these ever-changing demands," said Randy Hendricks, CEO Zovio. "Zovio bringing together employers and universities helps to bridge the education to employment gap and helps businesses upscale and educate their most important asset--their people."

According to LinkedIn, "94% of employees say that they would stay at a company longer if it simply invested in helping them learn." Zovio Employer Solutions supports companies as they design their educational assistance programs. The partnerships developed by Zovio help employers create corporate tuition plans and business development strategies, offer learning opportunities, and streamline the integration of corporate tuition benefits. Full tuition grants and reduced tuition programs put debt-free higher education within reach for working professionals.

About Zovio

Zovio (Nasdaq: ZVO) is an education technology services company that partners with higher education institutions and employers to deliver innovative, personalized solutions to help learners and leaders achieve their aspirations. The Zovio network, including Fullstack Academy, leverages its core strengths to solve priority market needs through education technology services. Using proprietary advanced data analytics, Zovio identifies the most meaningful ways to enhance the learner experience and deliver strong outcomes for higher education institutions, employers, and learners. Zovio's purpose is to help everyone be in a class of their own. For more information, visit www.zovio.com.

Contact: Vickie Schray

vickie.schray@zovio.com

View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zovio-employer-partnerships-help-working-adults-obtain-a-college-degree-301561026.html

SOURCE Zovio

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

June 03, 2022 10:58 ET (14:58 GMT)

Document DJDN000020220603ei63001oj


In2ition Realty
Homes
First-time buyers get a boost

Debbie Cosic 
Toronto Sun
504 words
21 May 2022
The Toronto Sun
TORSUN
Final
S8
English
Copyright © 2022 The Toronto Sun 

I hear it all the time - how can first-time buyers possibly get into the home ownership market with prices the way they are? In fact, first-time purchasers continue to find ways, and the recent Federal Budget 2022 has kicked in some perks to help make it even more possible. Potential purchasers now have a Tax-Free First Homes Savings account that enables them to save up to $40,000 toward a down payment. That's on top of the Government of Canada's Home Buyer Plan, which allows them to use up to $35,000 from their RRSPs.

The First-Time Home Buyers'Tax Credit has now been doubled to $10,000, which means qualified buyers who purchased homes after January 1st of this year can claim that amount on their tax returns. This will bring a rebate of up to $1,500 instead of the previous $750.

In addition, CMHC's First-Time Home Buyer Incentive has been extended to 2025. This offers a great opportunity to take advantage of a shared-equity mortgage with the Government of Canada, making the down payment more attainable and lowering monthly costs.

Those who buy new may also qualify for a GST/HST New Housing Rebate to recover some of the GST or the federal part of the HST paid on their primary place of residence. In Ontario, firsttime buyers can also look into receiving a rebate on portions of their land transfer tax.

All of this adds up. If, however, buying a first home is still a financial challenge, there are other options to consider, especially while mortgage interest rates are still incredibly low. First, get yourself pre-approved for a mortgage at a financial institution.

Then if you need to find more to make your down payment, you might be able to turn to what's referred to as "the bank of mom and pop." This form of gifting is becoming more common.

According to a report by CIBC, about 30 per cent of first-time home buyers receive this form of financial help in 2020. We also see an increasing number of parents co-signing for their children's mortgages.

Having gone through the skyrocketing interest rates during the late 1980s and early 1990s, these parents realize how important it is to get into the market now before interest rates jump more.

My main advice is do whatever you can to get yourself into the market. Buying new is ideal, as you avoid moving in and having all kinds of renovation headaches to deal with. Just ask anyone who has bought an older residence.

The new Budget helps for sure, but you can also do some creative thinking and planning to make your dream of owning a home come true.

Debbie Cosic is CEO and founder of In2ition Realty and has been involved in the real estate industry for over 30 years.

Visit www.in2ition.ca

/ (See hardcopy for photo); 

Document TORSUN0020220521ei5l0001m




Money
6 items becoming unaffordable as inflation hits 9% -including fuel and drinks

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
18 May 2022
06:59 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Inflation rose to 9% in April -a new 40-year high -as households battled against rising energy bills as the new Ofgem price cap came into effect, adding to the cost of living crisis

The UK rate of inflation has soared to 9% -a new 40-year high -as the cost of living continues to spiral.

Inflation shot up again last month as households battled against rising energy bills as the new Ofgem price cap came into effect.

The 9% rate of inflation for the 12 months to April marks one of the highest one year increases in consumer prices since records began in 1989.

The Consumer Prices Index CPI measure of inflation had stood at 7% in March, according to data from the Office for National Statistics ONS.

CPI shows how much the price of goods and services has risen or fallen over time.

For example, if something that cost £1 a year ago now costs £1.02 today, that rate of inflation would be 2%.

Inflation figures are published each month by the Office for National Statistics ONS.

But what exactly is costing us more We explain.

Six everyday things that have gone up in price

The ONS notes how the cost of energy was the largest price rise last month. It comes after the Ofgem price cap was hiked by hundreds of pounds on April 1.

For those on a variable energy bill tariff who pay by direct debit, the price cap has risen by £693 from £1,277 to £1,971.

Prepayment customers have been hit by a bigger jump, with their price cap going up by £708, from £1,309 to £2,017.

The highest prices on record for both petrol and diesel also contributed to rising inflation in April.

Here are the biggest price increases over the 12 months to April, according to the ONS:

* Natural gas -95.5%

* Electricity -53.5%

* Motor fuels -31.4%

* Furniture and maintenance -10.7%

* Restaurants and hotels -8%

* Food and non-alcoholic drinks -6.7%

ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said of the latest data: "Inflation rose steeply in April, driven by the sharp climb in electricity and gas prices as the higher price cap came into effect.

"Around three-quarters of the increase in the annual rate this month came from utility bills."

He added: "Steep annual rises in the cost of metals, chemicals and crude oil also continued, along with higher prices for goods leaving factory gates.

"This was driven by increases for food products, transport equipment and metals, machinery and equipment."

Chancellor Rishi Sunak said: "Countries around the world are dealing with rising inflation.

"Today's inflation numbers are driven by the energy price cap rise in April, which in turn is driven by higher global energy prices.

"We cannot protect people completely from these global challenges but are providing significant support where we can, and stand ready to take further action."

Document MIRUK00020220518ei5i001uq




Health,News Health,medicine,Money,NHS
DRUG DEAL Major change to NHS prescription charges will affect every Brit in first shake up for 12 years

Terri-Ann Williams 
504 words
16 May 2022
07:51 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2022 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

CHARGES for NHS prescriptions are to be frozen for the first time in 12 years to 'put money back in people's pockets'.

At present, Brits have to pay £9.35 for a single prescription for their medication.

The Department of Health said that charges would usually rise with inflation.

But the cost of living crisis currently facing millions has pushed the Conservatives to leave rates unchanged.

Health Secretary Sajid Javid said: "The rise in the cost of living has been unavoidable as we face global challenges and the repercussions of Putin's illegal war in Ukraine.

"Whilst we can't completely prevent these rises, where we can help we absolutely will.

"This is why I am freezing prescription charges to help ease some of these pressures and put money back in people's pockets."

The plan is set to save Brits up to £17 million, with single prescriptions remaining at £9.35, while a three-month prescription prepayment certificate (PPC) stays at £30.25.

Twelve-month PPCs will remain at £108.10 and can be paid for in instalments.

Many Brits are eligible for free prescriptions, including those over 60, under 16, and those 16 to 18 in full time education.

You also get your prescriptions for free if you're pregnant or have a medication exemption certificate.

The freezing of prescription costs comes as Brits have been forced to make swaps and changes to their daily lives as energy bills have soared in recent months.

At the opening of parliament last week, the Government laid out that the cost of living crisis was a priority.

Ministers announced the Energy Security Bill - which would mean the energy price cap would continue beyond 2023.

Prime Minister Boris Johnson had previously urged ministers to 'get creative' to ease the pressure on household budgets due to soaring global prices.

Millions of women have also been struggling to get hold of their Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) due to shortages.

Women who are going through the menopause will often suffer with symptoms such as hot flushes, mood swings, vaginal dryness and night sweats.

HRT is prescribed to help alleviate these symptoms - but prescriptions are now twice as widespread as five years ago.

Brits are also dealing with a shortage of hay fever medication.

Boots and Superdrug both confirmed there is a shortage of an ingredient called chlorphenamine maleate.

It's the active ingredient in hay fever remedies including Piriton, Allercalm, Allerief, Hayleve and Pollenase, and some pharmacy-branded pills.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun news desk?

Email us at exclusive@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4104. You can WhatsApp us on 07423 720 250. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours

Click here to get The Sun newspaper delivered for FREE for the next six weeks.

Document THESCOT020220516ei5g002gy




Money
Parking space goes on market for eye-watering £85,000 -and it barely fits a car

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
11 May 2022
07:08 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

The parking space, located just 250 meters away from Harrods in Knightsbridge, central London, is barely wide enough for a car to fit in -despite the hefty £85,000 price tag

A parking space in London has gone on the market for an eye-watering £85,000 -but even the most skilled of drivers will find it a tight squeeze.

The space, located just 250 meters away from Harrods in Knightsbridge, central London, is barely wide enough for a car to fit in.

It is sandwiched between two thick walls and is just two metres wide by five-and-a-half-metres long.

In comparison, the average car is 1.82 metres wide.

This means even if you do managed to squeeze in, you'll barely have any space to get in and out of your car.

Property hunters were left stunned at the price and amazed by how narrow it is.

Donna Ball, of Bolton, Gtr Mancs said: "Having great fun coming back from London looking at house parking prices on Rightmove.

"How about £85,000 for this parking spot. North forever."

Would you pay £85,000 for this car park space Let us know your thoughts in the comments below.

Liam O'Toole added: "Can you actually get out of that car, when parked Sun roof exit only."

Cathy Growney said: "How do you reverse into that space without dorking your wing mirrors. And how can you reverse without them."

The garage space is in Rutland Gate and is being sold by estate agents Nicolas van Patrick and advertised on Rightmove.

The listing describes the parking spot as being in a "secure allocated garage space" with CCTV, automated security gate and fob entry.

It comes with a 960 year lease.

The listing reads: "A single allocated parking space with in a small garage which is sandwiched between Rutland Gate and Ennismore Mews."

It continues: "The space is approximately two metres wide by 5.5 metres long, with good height.

"With two automated gates operated by fobs, and CCTV the garage is considered to be very secure. It also benefits from access to water."

Another parking space in London went on sale last year for the same price as a three-bedroom semi-detached property.

The coveted spot, located in Hyde Park Gardens, was on the market for an astonishing £210,000.

It came with an unexpired lease of 85 years at the time of sale and is located within walking distance from Hyde Park, Oxford Street and the West End.

Another London parking space, also in Hyde Park Gardens, went on sale in 2016 for an incredible £350,000.

The pricey 19.5ft by 8ft spot was held on a private lease with approximately 88 years left at the time of sale.

"The cost of this parking space is eye-watering", said Harrison Woods, managing director of YourParkingSpace.co.uk told CarSite.

Document MIRUK00020220511ei5b001ur




News
PENSION PARTICIPATION GAP

ZOE HU 
504 words
10 May 2022
Coventry Telegraph
COVEVT
1; National
24
English
(c) 2022 Coventry Newspapers Ltd 

Around four in five employees were part of their workplace pension in 2021, but for some groups, the figure is much lower

EXPERTS are urging more people to enrol in their workplace pension scheme, as figures reveal young workers and those on lower income are still missing out. Figures from the Office for National Statistics show that threequarters (75%) of employees in the private sector were part of their workplace pension scheme in April 2021, rising to 91% of those in the public sector.

PROPORTION OF FULL-EMPLOYEES WITH PENSIONS, BY SECTOR WEEKLY EARNINGS BAND,

The gap has narrowed considerably in the past decade - in 2012, only 32% of workers in the private sector were enrolled in work pension schemes, compared to 83% in the public sector.

The increased rates of pension participation in the private sector have been driven by the government's auto-enrollment policy, phased in between October 2012 and February 2018, which required employers to register eligible employees into a workplace pension.

However, despite the general trend, many private sector workers on lower incomes are still not benefitting from workplace pension schemes.

To qualify for auto-enrolment, workers have to be between 22 and state pension age, and earning at least £10,000 per year (about £192 a week) - although younger workers and those earning below the threshold can choose to opt in.

Fewer than half (43%) of employees earning £100 to £199 per week in the private sector were enrolled in a pension in 2021.

The pension participation rate increases as wages go up - 58% of those on a salary of £200 to £299 per week were enrolled, rising to 75% of employees earning £300 to £399 per week.

Meanwhile, pension enrolment also varies between different industries.

Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning, public administration and defence, financial and insurance activities and mining and quarrying were among those with the highest levels of employee pension participation in 2021, at more than 90%.

However, in the accomodation and food industry, only 51% workers were participating in their workplace pension schemes.

This is related to the fact that the industry has one of the highest proportions of young employees as well as lower average earnings, meaning workers are less likely to meet the age and earning criteria of auto-enrolment. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: "Workplace pensions are an important way to save for your retirement as you benefit from an employer contribution as well as your own and this can make a significant benefit to how much you end up with in retirement. "

She says auto-enrolment has seen an increasing number of people take part in work pension schemes but further reform is needed for more people to benefit.

She added: "Right now the youngest workers as well as those on lower wages - such as part time workers - are missing out on the opportunity to build a sustainable retirement and this is something that needs to change."

Document COVEVT0020220510ei5a00004




News
PENSION PARTICIPATION GAP

ZOE HU 
504 words
7 May 2022
The Journal, Newcastle
THEJOU
1; National
41
English
© 2022 The Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd 

Around four in five employees were part of their workplace pension in 2021, but for some groups, the figure is much lower

EXPERTS are urging more people to enrol in their workplace pension scheme, as figures reveal young workers and those on lower income are still missing out. Figures from the Office for National Statistics show that threequarters (75%) of employees in the private sector were part of their workplace pension scheme in April 2021, rising to 91% of those in the public sector.

PROPORTION OF FULL-EMPLOYEES WITH PENSIONS, BY SECTOR WEEKLY EARNINGS BAND,

The gap has narrowed considerably in the past decade - in 2012, only 32% of workers in the private sector were enrolled in work pension schemes, compared to 83% in the public sector.

The increased rates of pension participation in the private sector have been driven by the government's auto-enrollment policy, phased in between October 2012 and February 2018, which required employers to register eligible employees into a workplace pension.

However, despite the general trend, many private sector workers on lower incomes are still not benefitting from workplace pension schemes.

To qualify for auto-enrolment, workers have to be between 22 and state pension age, and earning at least £10,000 per year (about £192 a week) - although younger workers and those earning below the threshold can choose to opt in.

Fewer than half (43%) of employees earning £100 to £199 per week in the private sector were enrolled in a pension in 2021.

The pension participation rate increases as wages go up - 58% of those on a salary of £200 to £299 per week were enrolled, rising to 75% of employees earning £300 to £399 per week.

Meanwhile, pension enrolment also varies between different industries.

Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning, public administration and defence, financial and insurance activities and mining and quarrying were among those with the highest levels of employee pension participation in 2021, at more than 90%.

However, in the accomodation and food industry, only 51% workers were participating in their workplace pension schemes.

This is related to the fact that the industry has one of the highest proportions of young employees as well as lower average earnings, meaning workers are less likely to meet the age and earning criteria of auto-enrolment. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: "Workplace pensions are an important way to save for your retirement as you benefit from an employer contribution as well as your own and this can make a significant benefit to how much you end up with in retirement. "

She says auto-enrolment has seen an increasing number of people take part in work pension schemes but further reform is needed for more people to benefit.

She added: "Right now the youngest workers as well as those on lower wages - such as part time workers - are missing out on the opportunity to build a sustainable retirement and this is something that needs to change."

Document THEJOU0020220507ei570003r




Money
Iceland recalls thousands of Greggs chicken bakes over fears they contain plastic

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
2 May 2022
11:43 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

The bakes that have been pulled from shelves cost £2 for a pack of two (306g) and have a best before date of September 19, 2022. Here, we explain how to return them to your nearest Iceland

Greggs has recalled frozen chicken bakes that are sold in Iceland after some packs were found to contain pieces of hard plastic.

The bakes that have been pulled from shelves cost £2 for a pack of two 306g and have a best before date of September 19, 2022.

If you've purchased one of these products with the above date, Greggs has warned that it could be dangerous to eat.

Shoppers are being advised to return the bakes to their nearest Iceland for a refund. You shouldn't need a receipt to get your money back.

No other dates have been included in the recall, and it also doesn't apply to fresh chicken bakes sold in Greggs stores.

In a notice to customers, Greggs said: "This product may contain pieces of hard dark coloured plastic."

The company continued: "lf you have purchased the above product please do not consume. Please return to your nearest Iceland store for a full refund.

"This two-pack product is exclusive to Iceland and therefore the recall is only applicable to product purchased from Iceland stores.

"No other products, date codes or batches are affected. We are very sorry for any inconvenience caused."

Have you had trouble returning a recalled product Let us know: mirror.money.saving@mirror.co.uk

Customers who are worried or have any questions are being advised to contact Greggs' customer care line on +44 08081 473 447 or getintouch@greggs.co.uk.

When a supermarket product is recalled, you usually don't need your receipt to get your money back.

But if a recall involves a branded product, the manufacturer would usually have lead responsibility for the recall action.

For all product recalls, you can check the Food Standards Agency and Chartered Trading Standards Institute websites.

You should also notice recall notices in stores if they've pulled a product from shelves.

Other recalls to watch out for include Tesco recalls popular own-brand soup over fears it could contain pieces of metal over fears it may contain pieces of metal.

The supermarket is pulling its Tesco Chicken and Vegetable cup soup with croutons, priced at 80p.

The product affected by the recall has a best before date of October 2023 and the date code 2098.

No other best before dates are included in the above recall. The soup comes in a pack of five sachets and weighs 110g.

The supermarket has also recalled a certain batch of Trewithen Dairy Unsalted Butter after some were found to contain "high levels" of E. coli bacteria.

The batch is the Trewithen Dairy Unsalted Butter 250G with a best before date of May 23, 2022 with the batch code: G2 073.

Document MIRUK00020220502ei52003pd




News
ELECTION 2022 Aussies living on edge

HAYLEY GODDARD 
504 words
1 May 2022
The Advertiser
ADVTSR
Advertiser
7
English
© News Pty Limited. No redistribution is permitted. 

MORE than a quarter of a million Australians would struggle to survive the next 22 days if they suddenly lost their job.

With the rising cost of living set to continue dominating the last few weeks of the federal election campaign, new data from online financial advice service Otivo shows more than 342,000 Australian households have no financial safety net - such as savings or the ability to draw down on their mortgage - and would struggle to make it to the middle of next month if they lost their income today.

The data, which was collated in partnership with Digital Finance Analytics, was based on a survey of more than 52,000 households across the country.

It takes into account there are 9.6 million households in Australia, of which 1.47 million have potential financial issues but could solve them with more debt.

Some of the most at-risk places were Georgetown in South Australia, Parklea in NSW and Sanford in Tasmania. The Adelaide suburbs of Broadview and Greenhill were also identified as among those at peril.

Tasmanians had the shortest survival window of just 19 days, compared to Northern Territorians, who could hold out for 24 days if they did not have a financial safety net or government support.

Even with government support these households would survive between less than a week and up to three weeks.

Otivo founder and chief executive Paul Feeney said low-income areas were not the only ones feeling the pressure, with traditionally affluent suburbs of Rose Bay and Double Bay in Sydney's east and South Yarra in Melbourne's inner east facing survival windows of less than 13 weeks on average.

"It's about the money coming in and what is left over. The lower the gap, the higher the pressure and the higher the risk," Mr Feeney said.

"For about 6 per cent of Australian households, the only way they could handle losing their income would be to take out another mortgage, which will only increase their weekly expenses.

"This is just covering the basics such as the mortgage and keeping the lights on. If you include fun money that number (time-frame) comes down dramatically." Cost-of-living pressures have dominated the campaign to date, with higher-than-expected inflation figures triggering a possible interest rate rise next week.

Australian Council of Social Service chief executive Dr Cassandra Goldie said people's levels of anxiety and stress were worsening, with many living in a daily fear of not being able to meet their financial needs.

"We should not ignore the disturbing fact that Australia has one of the highest levels of household indebtedness in the world," she said.

"... They look like they're doing OK but they know that if their income stops very quickly, the house of cards will fall." Dr Goldie is urging all parties and candidates to increase income support such as JobSeeker, and improve access to affordable social housing.

Document ADVTSR0020220430ei510003m




Money,Property,House Prices
ROOM TO MOVE One-bedroom home could be yours for just £30,000 - but everyone's baffled by the same thing

Alex Winter 
504 words
28 April 2022
09:18 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

A ONE-BEDROOM home has gone on the market for just £30,000 - but every would-be buyer has been left baffled by the same unusual feature.

The terraced property in Barnoldswick, Lincolnshire has a huge amount of space for the ultra-low price, covering 1,077 square feet.

It boasts two reception rooms and a kitchen on the ground floor, as well as a bedroom and shower room on the first floor.

But sharp-eyed property fans will quickly notice a very bizarre design flaw.

The bathroom appears to have been built inside a bedroom, rather than a specifically-designed cubicle.

The room is 14ft by 13ft, meaning the shower, toilet and sink are completely dwarfed by the space.

It's also been carpeted, while walls are covered with floral pink wallpaper - an unusual choice in a bathroom.

There is at least 10ft of space between the toilet and the white corner shower.

It's likely the room was never designed for its purpose in the first place. The toilet facilities may originally have been built into an outhouse behind the property.

However, with some renovations the home will likely be a top investment.

Despite only having one designated bedroom, there's an attic upstairs, giving the new owner an opportunity to rework the space.

The property will go under the hammer in May.

Auctioneers Allsop say the home can be found in York Street.

"The shops and amenities of Barnoldswick Town Square are to the north and Colne Rail station is approximately 5.7 miles to the south," they say.

"The A56 is to the south east and the A59 is to the north west with Letcliffe Park is to the south."

FRIGHTMOVE

Social media users were left stunned by the layout of the room with the toilet.

One said: "I have no words."

Another wrote: "Nice bit of legroom."

A third commented: "Could turn into a lovely en-suite."

A fourth added: "F*** me, for thirty large I'd have it."

It's not the only property with an unwelcome surprise in store on the market.

'NO WORDS'

A whopping seven-bed pad with two hot tubs is available in County Clare, Ireland for ?130,000 - but it needs a complete refurb.

Agents admit the house needs "significant investment", but believe it could one day be a stunning B&B.

It boasts panoramic views of the ocean and sits on a large plot of land.

A two-bed house in Leeds is available for £60,000, but it's been used as a dumping ground.

Empty beer cans and stuffed black bags litter the rooms.

Meanwhile, the bathroom is in a complete state, and the walls of the kitchen are cracked and split.

And a £40,000 home in Darlington has a huge patch of green mould on the floor of the living room.

Document THESUK0020220428ei4s004jx




 Vermont foundation to help provide free 2-year degree 

By WILSON RING 
Associated Press
504 words
28 April 2022
06:32 AM
Associated Press Newswires
APRS
English
(c) 2022.    The Associated Press.    All Rights Reserved. 

MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP) - A Vermont foundation is working with the state community college system to provide a free, two-year college degree over the next five years.

The J. Warren & Lois McClure Foundation announced the "Free Degree Promise through the Early College Program at CCV" on Tuesday for Vermont students in the high school classes of 2022-2026.

In addition to providing tuition and fees after any federal and state financial aid, the foundation will provide career and education counseling and stipends to help pay for books, transportation and other college costs.

The McClure foundation's plan builds upon the Community College of Vermont's Early College program that allows high school seniors to complete their last year of high school and first year of college at the same time.

"Young people deserve a degree they can count on and afford," McClure Foundation President Barbara Benedict said in a statement. "By guaranteeing this pathway through Early College to a free degree at CCV, we are telling Vermont's young people we believe in them and we believe in their futures."

Vermont officials have been working for years to help alleviate what has become an acute labor shortage caused by declines in the number of working age adults and the lack of trained workers.

There are programs in other states to help pay for community college. In Maine, the state budget passed earlier this month included $20 million to fund two years of free community college for eligible graduating high school students between 2020 and 2023.

Currently about 150 seniors from about 50 high schools in the state participate in the Community College of Vermont's Early College program, said CCV spokeswoman Katie Keszey.

McClure Foundation Executive Director Carolyn Weir said they don't know how many Vermont students will take advantage of their offer to help students earn associate degrees.

"We're committed to covering costs no matter how many students enroll," Weir said in an email. "If a lot of students enroll, and we can point to an improvement in the number of young people in Vermont from low-income and historically marginalized backgrounds benefiting from college and career training, we'll consider that a success - for enrolled students and for Vermont."

The McClure Foundation focuses its efforts on equitable access to postsecondary and career education. The foundation says that since 2008 it has awarded more than $5 million to help Vermonters prepare "for secure and successful employment."

"Early College in and of itself can be really beneficial, and taking that a step further and allowing people to finish a degree would be really, really helpful for some people," OJ Daring, who is participating in the Early Program at CCV's Winooski, said in a statement announcing the program. "To get those two years, and not be in debt, and get farther ? it opens a lot of doors and opportunities if (students) are able to get an associate degree."

Document APRS000020220427ei4r00xy9




Money
Tumble dryer mistake could be adding £40 to your energy bill each year

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
27 April 2022
02:10 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

If you're looking to lower your bills, one place you could start is ditching your tumble dryer. British Gas experts suggest you could save £40 by doing one thing

Energy bills have shot up over the last month, with the typical household paying hundreds of pounds more for their gas and electricity.

The energy regulator Ofgem hiked its price cap by an unprecedented £700 on April 1.

For those on a default tariff who pay by direct debit, the price cap has gone up from £1,277 to £1,971 -a rise of £693.

Prepayment customers have seen a bigger jump, with their price cap going up by £708, from £1,309 to £2,017.

The price cap limits how much households can be charged for each unit of gas and electricity they use.

But if you're looking to lower your bills, one place you could start is ditching your tumble dryer.

In the summer, if you've got an outside space and the weather is nice, then experts at British Gas suggest drying your clothes outside could save you £40 a year.

If you don't have a garden or balcony, another option could be to use a clothes airer. This should be done in a well ventilated room so you don't cause mould in your home.

Are you worried about affording your energy bills this year Let us know: mirror.money.saving@mirror.co.uk

Joanna Flowers, engineer at British Gas said: "You can save on average £40 a year on your electricity bill by line drying clothes instead of using a tumble dryer during the summer."

British Gas also estimates that running your washing machine on a 30° cycle instead of using higher temperatures can save around £28 on your annual bill.

"There are several things you can do to be more energy efficient with the washing machine," said Ms Flowers.

"Use the economy settings to save water and energy and drying your clothes outside as much as you can when the weather allows.

"In the winter, you should also avoid drying clothes on radiators as much as you can as it will make your boiler work harder to heat the room."

For other ways to lower your bills, The Mirror has looked at whether it is cheaper to have a shower or bath and whether you're better off using an electric heater or gas radiators.

We've also highlighted a simple fridge freezer mistake that could be pushing up your energy bills.

And here is whether you're better off using a microwave or regular oven when cooking, to keep your costs down.

When it comes to the best way to use your kettle, you should only fill it up with as much water as you need.

Many of us are guilty of not sticking to this rule -and it could be adding £87 to your energy bill.

Document MIRUK00020220426ei4q0043g




Millennials and baby boomers are saving - just not for retirement

Alyssa Place 
504 words
25 April 2022
Employee Benefit News Online
EBNO
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2022 Arizent. All rights reserved. 

With COVID forcing many of us to live in the present, it's no surprise future plans are taking a back seat.

That goes for savings, too: just 5% of millennials and 13% of baby boomers are prioritizing their retirement savings, according to a recent survey by Time2play. Additionally, 44% of millennials and a third of baby boomers have no retirement savings at all.

These attitudes may point to a lack of personalized education when it comes to money and savings, says Deb Boyden, head of U.S. defined contribution at asset management firm Schroders.

"The retirement industry needs to think differently about how they reach investors that have the mindset of living in the moment," Boyden says. "They need help translating their savings today into what that means for the future."

The survey found that millennials and baby boomers do want to save, but it's to cover immediate financial needs: 53% of millennials and 61% of baby boomers say an emergency fund is the most important thing they can save for. And when it comes to spending, both groups were prioritizing spending money on travel, home improvement projects and self-care items like clothes and makeup.

Read more: Millennials save for retirement years earlier than boomers - because they have to

Boyden says employees may need help visualizing what their money can buy them in retirement, so it's less of a lump sum and more of a "real life scenario." That can be applied not just to savings, but how employees invest, too.

"Personalized investing helps people see, if they invest in this, what that means for them in retirement," Boyden says. "This helps them see what not investing means for their retirement."

The Time2play survey revealed that both groups are savings-minded: half of millennials began saving at 17-years-old or younger, whereas almost a quarter of baby boomers waited until their 30s. However, 95% of millennials and 90% of baby boomers wish they had more saved.

Employers can step in and provide personal finance education around budgeting, both for the short- and long-term. Ninety percent of employees believe employer-provided financial benefits would help them feel more invested at work, according to a survey from Morgan Stanley at Work. Seventy-nine percent of HR leaders believe employees will quit without financial wellness offerings, the Morgan Stanley report found.

Read more: Employees want financial wellness more than they want PTO

To prevent employees from falling victim to that "live in the now" attitude, Boyden says it's all about balance. Understanding how today's decisions can impact what happens decades from now may be hard to picture, but important if employees want to reach the financial finish line.

"We have to think about how to communicate with these different demographics in the workplace," Boyden says. "Savings doesn't have to be all or nothing - making some mental adjustments can have a profound impact on your retirement savings."

Document EBNO000020220425ei4p00001




Money,News Money,Home Insurance,Money saving tips
CASH GRANT Thousands could get £10k FREE for major new home improvements - check if you're eligible

Lynsey Barber 
504 words
25 April 2022
10:09 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

HOMEOWNERS in areas prone to flooding could get free cash worth thousands of pounds to improve their properties.

The extra help is available via a new scheme, which is designed to help with repairs that protect properties from flooding in future.

People will be able to get up to £10,000 free cash through their insurer to help make their homes more resilient against flooding.

The cash can be used for things like moving plug sockets and white goods higher.

It means that during a flood these essentials are above the water levels, reducing the impact and letting families return to homes sooner.

Waterproof tiling and extra door seals are also among the home improvements that could be made to make it easier to recover after water damage.

Flood damage can be costly and run into the thousands of pounds for repairs, so improvements could also help cut down on the future cost of repairs for homeowners.

The grant is on top of an insurer's usual payout that would cover the cost of repairs and losses as a result of flooding.

The Build Back Better scheme is a partnership between the government's Flood Re and insurers.

Flood Re allows people in areas with a high risk of flooding access to affordable home insurance.

Five insurers have so far joined Build Back Better, but more are expected to follow.

They are:

* Ageas

* Aviva

* Lloyds Banking

* LV= General Insurance

* NFU Mutual

Jon Bird, property claims manager at NFU Mutual, said that there has been a trend towards wetter summers and winters in recent years, with one in four homes now at risk of flooding.

He said: "With at-risk properties often being hit again and again, higher flood risk threatens to cost homeowners a lot of money and stress."

To access the cash you'll need to have insurance with one of these providers through Flood Re.

You can check if your property is at risk of flooding and eligible for Flood Re using this online tool and searching your postcode.

There are many more insurers which offer Flood Re policies, but only the above area part of Build Back Better.

You'll still want to check that any policy you get for home insurance suits your needs - check out our guide for getting the best deal.

The cash available for improvements will depend on your needs and the work that needs doing, but is worth a maximum of £10,000.

If you're eligible, the cash is available when making repairs after flooding, and you'll need to go through your insurer directly.

Meanwhile homeowners could get free cash of up to £5,000 for making energy improvements to their properties.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020220425ei4p0043a




MONEY
Americans leaning on credit cards more often

Elisabeth Buchwald 
504 words
22 April 2022
USA Today
USAT
B.1
ISSN:07347456
English
© 2022 USA Today.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.      All Rights Reserved. 

Inflation in the U.S. is more than three times higher than it was last year, straining Americans' finances.

Without stimulus checks and a lapse in monthly Child Tax Credit payments, Americans in dire financial circumstances are swiping credit cards more frequently compared to a year ago. But they continue to hold back from dipping into savings and retirement accounts relative to last year.

Some 13% of U.S. households found it very difficult to pay for their usual expenses from March 30 to April 10, according to data from the Census Bureau's Household Pulse Survey. Within that cohort, 44% of respondents said they're using credit cards or loans to meet needs, while 34% said they're using money from savings or retirement accounts.

Last year when inflation was rising at a 2.6% annual rate, some 9% of households surveyed then found it very difficult to pay for usual expenses, according to data from a prior Household Pulse Survey. That survey also found that 34% of households used credit cards or loans to meet spending needs and 31% dipped into savings.

"Even in the face of inflation, if you have steady cash flow coming in, there may be less need or inclination to withdraw from savings," said Mark Schrader, a financial planning strategist at the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America. The U.S. unemployment rate is just a 10th of a percentage point above the pre-pandemic level and average hourly earnings are up more than 5% compared to last year, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.

Indeed regardless of financial circumstances, the majority of American households are using "regular income sources" to pay for everyday expenses, according to Census data.

Paying off credit card debt

will be more expensive

But in the face of more interest rate hikes this year, Americans may want to think twice about turning to their credit cards. Compared with last year, credit card debt has gone up 16% among 64 million Credit Karma members. The average amount of debt they currently hold is $5,221, up from $4,896 in April 2021.

When the Federal Reserve raises interest rates, which it plans to do six more times this year, the interest you'll have to pay on credit card debt also rises. Average credit card rates currently hover at 16.36%, according to data from CreditCards.com. Rates began rising after the Fed raised its key interest rate in March for the first time since 2018.

That's why Ted Rossman, senior industry analyst for CreditCards.com and Bankrate.com., recommends people use most of their tax refund money to pay off credit card debt.

But if you don't have ample emergency savings it's best to prioritize building it up over paying off credit card debt so you don't "find yourself in a position where you're robbing Peter to pay Paul," Rossman previously told USA TODAY.

Document USAT000020220422ei4m0003o




Money,News Money,UK banking
CASH OUT HSBC goes down leaving customers unable to access accounts and online banking

Emily Downes 
504 words
21 April 2022
07:14 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

HUNDREDS of HSBC customers have reported that they've been unable to get online and access the bank's services this morning.

Over 800 issues have been logged so far on analytics website Downdetector.

It comes just after Nationwide also suffered a major outage a few days ago, disrupting customers payments and more.

This time HSBC customers are experiencing problems as online banking, mobile banking and the simple matter of logging into accounts all goes awry.

Problems appear to have started at around 7.30am, though a spike of some 80 reports were logged at 11pm last night too.

Over half of frustrated HSBC users can't access mobile banking at all which means they can't track payments or access their funds without visiting a physical branch for the time being.

Customers aired their complaints on Twitter.

One said: "Haven't been able to log on this morning."

While another said: "I can't log in to my Business Internet Banking today, 'Something went wrong' it says."

A third said: "I can't get on desktop or the mobile app."

"Many issues recently, which is disappointing," said another.

It wouldn't be the first time customers of the bank have been left in the dark as services go down.

HSBC users struggled to use the its app and make payments just this month.

And HSBC customers once again had trouble logging into their mobile banking to access accounts and pay bills following IT problems at the bank that occurred last month.

It also upset customers in March when it announced plans to close a further 69 bank branches across the UK.

HSBC has been contacted for comment.

Whether you get any money for the inconvenience is another matter.

Can I claim compensation for an online banking outage?

There's not automatic right to compensation like there is with other services, such as telecoms for example.

You can make a complaint to your bank if you think you're owed money because of an outage, for instance if you couldn't pay a bill on time and were charged a fee as a result.

Each bank has its own complaints procedure and you'll need to show evidence of how the tech issues affected you.

You can then complain to HSBC, either in your local branch, or by using this complaints form.

You will need to think about how much you expect in compensation, and when you expect to receive it.

If you're well and truly fed up of the service it provides you could switch to another - and even earn extra cash for taking the leap in the first place.

Martin Lewis reveals how you could get up to £175 free by following the simple switching step.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020220421ei4l0038p




News,US News
LAWSUIT TWIST Mystery as Shandle Riley who accused cops of bizarre 'baptism against will' to be let off traffic stop is found dead

Chris Bradford 
504 words
16 April 2022
02:31 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

A WOMAN who accused police of baptizing her against her will following a traffic stop has been found dead.

Cops found the body of Shandle Marie Riley, 42, at a home in Soddy-Daisy, Tennessee on April 13.

Riley's cause of death remains unknown at this time as officials at the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation are awaiting autopsy results.

It's not currently known if foul play was involved in her death, WTVC reported.

She accused Hamilton County Deputies Daniel Wilkey and Jacob Goforth of baptizing her after a traffic stop in February 2019.

Court documents from the time claim that Wilkey pulled Riley's car over in the driveway of her friend's home.

Riley said she had been to a gas station and bought cigarettes and fuel.

The officer reportedly believed that she was in possession of methamphetamine.

The lawsuit alleged Wilkey searched Riley "unlawfully" after he instructed her to get out of her car.

Wilkey quizzed Riley, asking if she had anything illegal in her vehicle to which she replied a marijuana "roach".

It was apparently hiding in a pack of cigarettes and she handed them to the officer, court documents say.

Wilkey apparently asked Riley if she believed in Jesus.

The lawsuit claimed Wilkey told Riley "God was talking to him during the vehicle search and [he] felt the Lord wanted him to baptize the plaintiff."

He apparently "felt the spirit at the time", according to the lawsuit.

Riley was reportedly told she would be issued a criminal citation for marijuana possession, rather than being sent to jail.

Legal documents say that Riley ordered to get towels that would be used for the so-called baptism and was instructed to follow Wilkey in his car.

The pair were joined by Goforth in Soddy Lake.

Wilkey allegedly told Riley that a witness was needed so the baptism could be legitimized.

Riley alleged that she felt "violated", court documents claimed.

Wilkey admitted baptizing a woman he arrested in February 2019, court filings obtained by WTVC.

He claimed she asked him to do it as a way of "turning her life away from drug abuse and crime".

In his ruling, Judge Travis McDonough said: "There is no indication in the record that either officer understood or intended the baptism as anything but an exercise of faith and religion.

"Any reasonable observer would conclude that the effort of the baptism was an unequivocal endorsement of Christianity."

Meanwhile, Riley pleaded guilty to one count of possession of a controlled substance.

She was given a suspended sentence and probation.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The US Sun team?

Email us at exclusive@the-sun.com or call 212 416 4552.

Like us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TheSunUS and follow us from our main Twitter account at @TheSunUS

Document THESUK0020220415ei4f0083r




Federal Bureau of Investigation - Former UBS Financial Advisor Pleads Guilty to Defrauding More Than $5 Million from His UBS Clients

Federal Bureau of Investigation - Miami Field Office published this content on 14 Apr 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by PUBT, unedited and unaltered, on 15 Apr 2022 12:21:06 UTC.
504 words
14 April 2022
U.S. Local Government News via PUBT
USLGN
English
Copyright 2022. As included in the Information 

* Click here to view this document in its original format

Former UBS Financial Advisor Pleads Guilty to Defrauding More Than $5 Million from His UBS Clients

Miami, Florida - German Nino, a former UBS Financial Advisor, has pled guilty in federal court in Miami to defrauding over $5 million from a family who maintained several accounts at UBS.

As part of his change of plea, from about 2012, and continuing to 2020, Nino, a resident of Broward County, was a financial advisor working at a branch office of UBS Financial Services Inc. in Miami. Nino oversaw and managed UBS investment accounts for various customers, including three victims who were related and who had various investment accounts at UBS. Nino was the financial advisor assigned to oversee and manage the victims' money in the accounts.

From about May 2014 to February 2020, Nino made a total of 62 unauthorized transfers from three UBS accounts belonging to the victims, which totaled $5,833,218.59. To accomplish the wire fraud scheme, Nino made materially false and fraudulent statements to his victims and concealed and omitted material facts including misrepresenting the true performance, balance, and rate of return of the accounts he managed; forging the signature of his clients on documents purporting to authorize transfers out of the accounts; preparing a fraudulent land purchase contract and forging a victim's signature on the land purchase contract to make it appear that the victim was purchasing land in Colombia by using money from the victim's account; removing one of the victim's email from the victim's UBS email account profile so that the victim would not receive email notifications from UBS about unauthorized transfers; and preparing fraudulent UBS account statements and client review statements, which falsely inflated the balance and value of the victims' accounts.

Nino is scheduled for sentencing on June 21, 2022, before U.S. District Judge Donald L. Graham. He faces up to 60 years imprisonment.

Juan Antonio Gonzalez, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, and George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Miami, made the announcement.

FBI Miami investigated the case. Assistant U.S. Attorney Deric Zacca is prosecuting it. Assistant U.S. Attorney Emily Stone is handling asset forfeiture.

Related court documents and information may be found on the website of the District Court for the Southern District of Florida at www.flsd.uscourts.gov or at http://pacer.flsd.uscourts.gov, under case number 22-cr-20020.

###

* Original Link

Disclaimer

Federal Bureau of Investigation - Miami Field Office published this content on 14 April 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 15 April 2022 12:23:17 UTC.

Document USLGN00020220415ei4e002xl




UK & Ireland
Haven has deals on summer holidays from £69pp including school holiday dates

By, Julie Delahaye 
504 words
15 April 2022
01:03 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Haven holidays are going fro £69pp for families in summer 2022 including the school holiday dates including deals for Yorkshire, the Lake District and Norfolk

Families planning a summer staycation may want to check out Haven's latest holiday deals, as the holiday parks giant currently has breaks from £69pp including the school holiday dates.

For example, you can currently book three-night breaks at its Berwick park in Northumberland from £279 for a family of four -which works out at approximately £69pp.

As for what's included in the Haven holidays The price includes your accommodation, access to on-site restaurants, entertainment and a Play Pass so you can enjoy a range of activities and the swimming pools.

You can check out the full list of Haven deals on haven.com/offers but to give you a helping hand, we've picked out some of the top offers that caught our attention based on a family of four travelling in August.

Check out our top pick of Haven holiday deals below...

Sign up to the Mirror's travel newsletter for more deals, tips and other updates.

Top Haven holiday deals for summer 2022:

* Three nights at Berwick in Northumberland from £279 -book here.

* Three nights at Burnham-on-Sea in Somerset from £319 -book here. Based on a July 29 arrival.

* Three nights at Seaview in Dorset from £366 -book here. Based on a July 29 arrival.

* Four nights at Church Farm in Sussex from £509 -book here.

* Four nights at Blue Dolphin in Yorkshire from £578 -book here.

* Four nights at Lakeland in the Lake District from £574 -book here.

* Four nights at Presthaven in North Wales from £589 -book here.

* Seven nights at Haggerston Castle in Northumberland from £679 -book here.

Looking for more deals

It's worth noting that the company also offers Haven Hideaway breaks, which are essentially accommodation-only although you can still access the restaurants. These are typically cheaper than the other Haven breaks, so can be a handy option if you're not too fussed about getting access to the pool and activities.

If you can be flexible with dates and you're not necessarily tied to school holidays, then there are plenty more deals to be found. For example there are early summer breaks from £99 for the whole family, usually based on a stay in late June or early July.

Don't be disheartened if the Haven deals aren't quite right for you.

We've got you covered with our UK holidays page which we regularly update with the latest offers, sales and destination tips that we think are worth having on your radar.

You may also want to keep an eye on our top picks of the latest holiday deals including sales for both staycations and holiday destinations abroad.

What's your favourite thing about a family holiday Let us know in the comments below.

Document MIRUK00020220414ei4e003mq




Money
Families warned of spike in food poverty with price of butter set to jump by 60%

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
14 April 2022
02:16 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Retail experts have warned about further food price hikes to come, with the cost of butter to rise 60% this year -producer prices for cupboard staples such as milk, barley and pork were up by a fifth by the end of March

The cost of living crisis will cause a sharp rise in food poverty, families have been warned.

This is according to retail analysts at Peel Hunt, who predict food inflation could top 10% this year.

Data from Kantar showed grocery prices were up 5.2% in March with cost increases already hitting consumers.

Producer prices for cupboard staples such as milk, barley and pork were up by a fifth by the end of March.

The cost of wheat and cooking oil has also soared because of the war in Ukraine -but experts say further hikes are on the way.

Butter could rocket by 60% by the end of the year, they said.

"The 30-year improvement in living standards due to stable and reducing food prices is reversing," said Charles Hall of Peel Hunt.

"Food inflation increased 5.2% in March but will rise sharply as the impact of the war is felt."

Mr Hall added: "It may be painful in the UK, but that's nothing compared to the increase in the cost of living in a number of countries, particularly those with a high level of imports from Russia and Ukraine."

How do you save money in the supermarkets Let us know: mirror.money.saving@mirror.co.uk

Lindsay Boswell, of food charity FareShare, said: "Many families are now experiencing added hardship.

"We're calling for more support for those struggling to feed themselves, and more donations of food from across the food industry."

The Peel Hunt report also found palm oil prices are up 75% and coconut oil 30%.

Cotton prices have risen 130% year-on-year.

Fuel, energy and travel bills have also been rising steadily in recent months.

The rate of Consumer Prices Index CPI inflation was today confirmed to have hit a fresh 30-year high in March, reaching 7% and up from 6.2% in February.

It was once more the highest point since March 1992, when inflation stood at 7.1%.

The rise was higher than the 6.7% that analysts had expected and was driven by fuel, restaurant and food prices.

But the increase does not take into account the average 54% increase in energy bills that was applied to around 22 million households two weeks ago.

This will not appear in inflation figures until next month.

The April data is expected to show another jump in inflation and demonstrate the increased squeeze on ordinary people.

The Bank of England has predicted that inflation could peak at around 8% in April once the energy price cap increase is factored in.

Inflation is the rate at which prices for goods and services rise.

Document MIRUK00020220413ei4d004h6




Money,Property,House Prices
LIGHTEN UP Millionaire couple lose bitter row to rebuild £4m mansion because it would be too BRIGHT and 'ruin night sky'

Alex Winter 
504 words
13 April 2022
11:43 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

A MILLIONAIRE couple have lost their long battle to rebuild a £4million riverside home - after a planning inspector ruled the ultra-bright new design would "ruin" the night sky.

Software boss Chris Hoyle and his wife Elaine had submitted plans to build a whopping modern mansion on the edge of Beaulieu River in the New Forest.

But official data suggests the Hampshire river, where Lord Nelson's favourite ship was built, boasts some of the darkest skies in Britain.

In addition, it has the "highest status of protection" as it sits inside a national park.

Under the Hoyles' plans, the two-storey property would have had a glazed atrium and a "very large" number of artificial external lights.

Locals immediately launched a vehement fightback, with furious sailors warning they'd be dazzled by the beams.

And an inspector has now sided with neighbours and thrown out the application because of the "sheer amount of lighting".

The official said it risks "eroding rural darkness and tranquillity" in the celebrated beauty spot.

The Hoyles sold off their driving simulation software business in a £23million deal back in 2019. They then bought an existing property on a 1.6 acre plot.

However, the couple said the 1960s riverside home wasn't big enough, and submitted plans to tear it down and replace it with a new build.

The property would have had three wings, an atrium and outbuildings.

Those to object included Beaulieu River Sailing Club's commodore, Mary Montagu-Scott, who warned the home would be a "safety hazard".

"The darkness is absolutely critical to night vision for sailors who come up the river at night," she said.

"My interest is in protecting the nature, ambience and character of the Beaulieu River for future generations and protect the safety of the navigation for yachtsmen."

She said the house has an "unusual modern design" and will "stand out".

Lord Strathcarron, a mooring holder on the river, said: "Although I appreciate it will give the new owners the most wonderful view, the cost will be ruining the view of everybody else."

The Hoyles have had two applications refused, but took their latest application to an appeal committee.

However, it's been thrown out altogether.

FRIGHTMOVE

A report by the inspector reveals the site has a "notably verdant and tranquil character" and "lies within one of the darkest locations, according to dark skies mapping information".

The property would stand out against the "wider landscape", the inspector concluded.

"The site is located at a particularly prominent position along the river, close to a sharp bend," the report said.

"It is clearly visible in views from the river."

Mr Hoyle, an IT expert, founded driving simulation software rFpro in 2007. It is now used by racing teams in F1 and motorsport.

The business in Romsey, Hampshire, was bought out by AB Dynamics in 2019.

Document THESUK0020220413ei4d007eq




Money
Martin Lewis explains how £150 council tax rebate will be paid into your bank

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
31 March 2022
07:44 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis said the £150 council tax rebate will start arriving from April automatically if you pay by direct debit -but others will need to apply for the cash

Martin Lewis has explained how the £150 council tax rebate will be paid into your bank account.

The MoneySavingExpert founder said the cash will start arriving from April automatically if you pay by direct debit.

This means you shouldn't need to apply, as your council will have you bank account details on file.

If you don't apply by direct debit, then you'll need to manually apply for the rebate through your local authority.

Your council should contact you with more information in April, if you're eligible.

"If you pay your council tax by direct debit, then you will get the money automatically paid into your bank, it's really simple," Martin said on ITV's Good Morning Britain this week.

"If you don't pay by direct debit, then the council will get in contact with you to tell you how to claim the cash.

"If you don't do that then they will give it to you as an energy rebate. Those are the three systems."

The council tax rebate will apply to homes in council tax bands A, B, C or D in England and Wales -roughly 80% of properties -but not those who live in council tax bands E, F, G and H or I as well, in Wales.

Are you worried about paying your energy bills Let us know: mirror.money.saving@mirror.co.uk

Scotland residents will also be entitled to £150 off if they are in bands A to D -but they're also qualify if they're currently getting a council tax reduction as well.

If you're eligible, the money won't need to be paid back.

For those who are struggling but aren't eligible for the council tax rebate, a £144 million funding pot is being set up to support vulnerable people and poorer people.

This is being designed to help those who do not pay council tax in England, or that pay council tax for properties in Bands E, F, G and H.

At the time of the council tax help being confirmed, it was announced that governments in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland will receive around £565million of Barnett funding to help those not covered by council tax grants.

You can check what other council tax help you may be eligible for here.

Other support announced to help rising energy bills includes a £200 upfront discount on your gas and electricity.

Energy suppliers will be loaned the money to do this by the government, and should apply the discount from October.

But customers will have to pay back the £200 discount at a rate of £40 per year out of their bills, in the five years from 2023 to 2027.

Document MIRUK00020220331ei3v002e7




MIL-OSI USA: Carper, Barrasso Introduce Bill to Provide Retirement Security for More Americans

504 words
31 March 2022
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2022.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved. 

US Senate News:

Source: United States Senator for Delaware - Tom CarperWASHINGTON, D.C. - U.S. Senators Tom Carper (D-Del.) and John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) today introduced bipartisan legislation to expand access to retirement savings for more Americans.Only half of small businesses with fewer than 50 employees currently provide a retirement plan for their employees. The Starter-K Act of 2022 creates starter retirement plans that streamline regulations and lower costs for small businesses and start-ups, resulting in more access to easy retirement savings. Employees of participating small businesses are automatically enrolled, meaning easier retirement savings up to $6,000 per year."Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, providing millions of jobs for Americans nationwide. But far too often, businesses cannot afford to provide their workers with retirement plans, leaving many Americans without a sound financial future," said Senator Carper. "I'm proud to cosponsor this legislation that would make it simpler and more cost effective for small businesses to provide workers with employer-sponsored retirement plans. I look forward to working with Senator Barrasso on this important issue to help more Americans save for retirement and achieve more secure financial futures.""Small businesses are the biggest employers in so many communities in Wyoming and around the country. They deserve the opportunity to provide their employees with better options to save more for retirement," said Senator Barrasso. "Our bipartisan bill ensures that small businesses can access streamlined plans without complex regulations. This will help more hard-working Americans save money and achieve a more secure financial future." "The nation's retirement savings gap is almost exclusively found among small businesses, many of which cite administrative concerns and cost as primary reasons they don't offer currently access to a retirement savings plan at work," said Brian Graff, CEO of the American Retirement Association. "As they look to meet the challenges of the 'Great Resignation,' the 'Starter K' provides both a simplified structure and real tax incentives for hundreds of thousands of small businesses to provide for the first time this option to their workforce. We enthusiastically support this legislation, and the opportunity it presents for millions of hard-working Americans."The Starter-K Act of 2022 creates "starter" defined contribution plans (DC) under Sections 401(k) and 403(b).· These starter DC plans would streamline regulations by providing employers a safe-harbor for the nondiscrimination and top-heavy testing requirements for defined contribution plans. · Employers are not required to provide matching contributions, meaning lower costs for small businesses and start-ups.· Eligible employers are those who do not currently offer a plan.· Annual contributions would be limited to $6,000, indexed to inflation (with an additional catch-up contribution for those at least age 50). · Eligible employees are automatically enrolled at the minimum default level of 3% of pay.· Directs the Department of Labor (DOL) to provide simplified reporting for the plans.

MIL OSI USA News -

Document PARALL0020220330ei3v001q1




CBO - CBO's Estimate of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Effects of H.R. 2954, the Securing a Strong Retirement Act of 2022

CBO - Congressional Budget Office published this content on 29 Mar 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by PUBT, unedited and unaltered, on 29 Mar 2022 21:51:59 UTC.
504 words
29 March 2022
U.S. Government News and Documents via PUBT
USGND
English
Copyright 2022. As included in the Information 

* Click here to view this document in its original format

CBO's Estimate of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Effects of H.R. 2954, the Securing a Strong Retirement Act of 2022

March 29, 2022

CBO's Estimate of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Effects of H.R. 2954, the Securing a Strong Retirement Act of 2022, as posted on the website of the Clerk of the House on March 25, 2022 https://docs.house.gov/billsthisweek/20220328/BILLS-117hr2954-SUSv1.pdf

By Fiscal Year, Millions of Dollars

2022-                2022-
2022                 2023 2030   2031  2026  2031
Pay-As-You-Go Effect 90   -1,308 3,540 4,389 -8,453 -1,058


2025

2027

2029

Net Increase or Decrease (-) in the On-Budget Deficit

-2,041

-2,379

-2,814

-2,735

1,420

The Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 establishes budget-reporting and enforcement procedures for legislation affecting direct spending or revenues. The net changes in revenues that are subject to those procedures are shown here. Enacting the bill also would reduce off-budget revenues by $965 million over the 2022-2031 period. Those revenues are not counted for Statutory Pay-As-You-Go purposes. The bill would not affect direct spending.

Staff Contact: James Williamson

Sources: Congressional Budget Office and staff of the Joint Committee on Taxation (JCT).

Estimates relative to CBO's July 2021 baseline.

Components may not sum to totals because of rounding.

H.R. 2954 would amend the tax code to modify rules for retirement plans and tax-favored savings accounts. Several provisions would reduce revenues by expanding automatic enrollment in retirement plans; raising the age at which required minimum distributions from defined contribution retirement plans or traditional individual retirement arrangements must begin; and enhancing the saver's credit, which benefits certain taxpayers who contribute to retirement accounts. Other provisions would increase revenues by directing some retirement plans to require catch-up contributions to be designated as Roth contributions and allowing some plans to permit employees to designate their employers' matching contributions as Roth contributions.

For JCT's estimates of the provisions that include detail beyond the summary presented above, see Joint Committee on Taxation, Estimated Revenue Effects Of H.R. 2954, As Amended, The "Securing A Strong Retirement Act Of 2022," Scheduled For Consideration By The House Of Representatives On March 29, 2022, JCX-3-22 (March 28, 2022), https://www.jct.gov/publications/2022/jcx-3-22 /.

* Original Link

Disclaimer

CBO - Congressional Budget Office published this content on 29 March 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 29 March 2022 21:56:15 UTC.

Document USGND00020220329ei3t004xt




Money,News Money
CARD FAIL Barclaycard down as customers unable to log into accounts online

Lucy Alderson 
504 words
28 March 2022
09:04 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

BARCLAYCARD customers are unable to log into accounts online after the bank has run into technical difficulties this morning.

The credit card company has millions of customers in the UK, and the crash has left some people unable to access their accounts and make a payment.

Over 150 customers have complained on outage service Downdector, with issues starting from 8:15am this morning.

Of complaints raised, 91% were in regards to login issues, 6% had problems making payments, and 2% had trouble using the app.

The area most affected appears to be London, with other places like Brighton, Cardiff, Birmingham, Manchester, Nottingham and Norwaich affected too.

Customers are complaining on Twitter about being unable to log into accounts.

No data found

One customer said: "Hi @Barclaycard can you fix your app."

While another said: "Unable to log in this morning."

Another customer vented: "Still can't log on this morning. Extremely frustrating."

Barclaycard's customer service account on Twitter has been replying to some customers experiencing problems.

It tweeted to one customer: "We are aware of the issues at the moment and are working to fix this as quickly as possible."

The Sun has contacted Barclaycard for a comment.

Barclaycard customers aren't the only ones who have experienced service crashes when trying to use online banking services recently.

Over the weekend, Halifax and Lloyds customers couldn't access their accounts on Sunday morning.

The tech problem affected customers of Halifax, Lloyds Bank and Bank of Scotland across the country and started at around 10.30am.

While Tesco Bank went down last week, locking hundreds out of their accounts too.

Customers said they were unable to view their credit card accounts - Tesco Bank no longer offers current accounts after closing them last year.

Can I get compensation for a bank outage?

Unlike telecoms companies, banks do not have a fixed compensation scheme for service disruption, although depending on how much it has affected you, you may be entitled to some money back.

It is worth gathering evidence of your problems so you can make a formal complaint to Barclaycard directly.

Try to make a note of when you were unable to access the website or app, plus any costs you incurred as a result.

If your credit rating has been affected by a service outage, because you got a late payment fee after being unable to make a transaction, for example, you should also keep a record of this.

If you spoke to anyone to try and resolve the problem, make a note of their name and when you spoke to them, as well as roughly what you discussed and what they advised you to do.

You can find out more details about how to complain to Barclaycard on its website.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020220328ei3s003xp




News
ALP eyes regional first home buyers

504 words
25 March 2022
Canberra Times
CANBTZ
8
English
(c) 2022 The Canberra Times 

From Page 1 "Labor's regional first-time buyer scheme is reserved just for people who live in the regions and to access the scheme you'll have to have lived in the region for the last 12 months."

Under the scheme, first home buyers can buy property with a deposit of just 5 per cent instead of the usual standard of around 20 per cent. The government would guarantee the additional amount needed to reach the 20 per cent threshold, thus allowing borrowers to avoid paying thousands of dollars in lender's mortgage insurance.

With the government providing a guarantee of up to 15 per cent of the value of the property purchased, that's a saving of up to $32,000 for a property in the Illawarra, Central Coast and Hunter regions.

The big question is are there houses available for first home buyers under the scheme? Supply is widely acknowledged as one of the most pressing housing issues. There are local price caps for properties which rise to $800,000 for the houses in the Illawarra, Central Coast and Hunter regions, come in at $400,000 in Tasmania and $500,000 for regional Victorian houses, although Geelong is listed at $700,000.

In recognition of rising house prices, Labor is pledging to review and update the scheme's price caps every six months, rather than yearly, under the current scheme.

"If the price caps need to be adjusted and raised to make sure that they can get their first home then we'll do it," Mr Clare said.

And if house prices fall as touted by the major banks what would happen to the first home buyers? Could they be in a worse financial position? An expected 2023 price reversal in the housing market of more than 10 per cent could see Australians using lending schemes lose value in their homes.

"What's important here whether people are accessing this scheme or not is that they can afford to get the loan and repay it in circumstances where interest rates return to normal levels," Mr Clare said.

"And interest rates won't stay at emergency levels forever. That's why the rules that have been put in place by APRA to make sure that the banks are only lending to people who can afford to repay the loan at current interest rates but also when interest rates return to normal levels are so important."

The government body that runs the current scheme, the National Housing Finance and Investment Corporation, would set the boundaries for capital cities and for larger and smaller regions.

To be eligible, the first home buyer would also have to be over 18, live in the house purchased and have a taxable income of up to $125,000 per year for singles and $200,000 a year for couples.

The ALP last year released its $10 billion pledge for a Housing Australia Future Fund to build 30,000 low-cost houses.

Document CANBTZ0020220324ei3p0001l


Spring Statement 2022: Chancellor rejects calls to delay National Insurance increase

hemma.visavadia@incisivemedia.com(Hemma Visavadia) 
504 words
23 March 2022
Cover
CVR
English
© 2022 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak, has confirmed that National Insurance (NI) contribution increases will go ahead as planned from April next year, but announces a lift in the threshold to £3,000.

In the Spring Statement, Sunak said the "difficult but responsible decision" to raise NI contributions was to help support social care and NHS funds.

However, to help shoulder the new levy and tackle the cost-of-living crisis currently sweeping the UK, the Chancellor has raised the NI threshold for the amount earned before incurring a tax to £12,570, a £3000 increase, which will come into effect in July 2022.

"That's a £6 billion personal tax cut for 30 million people across the UK, a tax cut for employees worth over £330 a year," Sunak noted.

However, with inflation hitting a 30-year high at 6.2% in February, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has warned that it could continue to rise, reaching 7.4% by the end of the year.

The NI insurance increase, announced in September last year, has already prompted a response from insurers such as Legal & General and Aviva,  which have both amended its group income protection policies respectively to automatically consider the changes and help support employers with the additional costs.

Commenting on the Spring Statement announcement, Shaun Moore, tax and financial planning expert at Quilter, said that today's announcement was a "U-turn in all but name."

"The increase in the primary threshold will mean that roughly 70% of national insurance payers will pay less NICs in 2022/23 than they did in 2021/22, according to the government's own calculations," Moore said.

"Anyone earning below £34,300 will now face a lower national insurance bill in 2022/23 than they currently face in this tax year. Anyone earning above this amount will still have a higher national insurance bill."

However, Carter warned that the move will create "administrative problems" for employers, who will "have to start the tax year with one set of assumptions for national insurance calculations, to then have to change them from July."

Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: "The Chancellor has been steadfast in his determination to implement the Health and Social Care levy, but his actions today have at least helped lower earners by raising the threshold at which they would have to start paying it. These actions will put some money back in their pockets at a time when costs are on the rise.

However, by lifting the threshold, care must be taken that workers earning less than £12,570 per year do not lose access to vital National Insurance credits for state pension. The state pension forms the backbone of most people's retirement and therefore, they should ensure they do not incur gaps unnecessarily, that mean they end up with less in retirement."

To view photo, click here.

Document CVR0000020220323ei3n00001




Money
Thousands of carers to get a £500 'thank you' payment for help during Covid

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
23 March 2022
09:31 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Carers allowance is paid to people who care for someone receiving government benefits for at least 35 hours a week, while earning no more than £128 a week

Thousands of unpaid carers in Wales are to get a £500 lump sum in recognition of the "pivotal role" they played during the coronavirus pandemic.

The cash boost will go to more than 57,000 carers as part of a £29million package announced by the Welsh Government.

Announcing the plans on Wednesday, deputy minister for social services Julie Morgan said she hoped the payment would "show how much we value and appreciate what they do".

"Unpaid carers have played a pivotal role throughout the pandemic and we recognise the financial and emotional hardships they have experienced," she said.

"I hope this £500 payment will go some way to supporting them during these difficult times."

Anyone receiving Thousands of carers missing out on £244 a year -how to make sure you claim it on March 31 will be eligible to claim from the fund later this year.

Carers allowance is paid to people who care for someone receiving certain benefits for at least 35 hours a week, while earning no more than £128 a week.

Ms Morgan added: "We understand not all unpaid carers will be eligible for this payment, as many are not in receipt of a carer's allowance, and we will continue supporting carers of all ages in every way we can."

The scheme is being launched after a survey of more than 1,500 unpaid carers found nearly half had to use their personal savings and give up work or study to care, while more than half had to give up on hobbies or personal interests because of their caring role, the Government said.

It is also recognised that unpaid carers will be exposed to greater financial pressures than others, due to caring for people with complex needs combined with the current cost-of-living crisis.

Figures from the Department for Work and Pensions show 57,130 people are in receipt of carers allowance in Wales.

The highest rate of unpaid carers are in Neath Port Talbot, where 267 out of every 10,000 people are receiving carers allowance.

Monmouthshire has the lowest rate of unpaid carers, with 112 out of every 10,000 in receipt of the benefit.

Carers Wales director Claire Morgan praised the Government and called it "an important first step in actively recognising carers' daily contribution to our society".

Simon Hatch, director of Carers Trust Wales, said: "Unpaid carers have been on the front line throughout the pandemic and this payment is recognition of the many hours of care they've given alongside the efforts of the paid workforce.

"This is a first step towards addressing some of the concerns we've heard from unpaid carers across Wales, spanning from before the pandemic, about their daily struggles to make ends meet."

Document MIRUK00020220323ei3n002ef



COURT IMPOSES RESTRICTIONS ON CREDIT REPAIR COMPANY TO PROTECT CONSUMERS

504 words
21 March 2022
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2022. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

WASHINGTON, March 21 -- The U.S. Department of Justice's Civil Division issued the following press release:

The Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) announced that a federal court in Houston, Texas, entered a permanent injunction barring a credit repair company and its CEO from representing that it can repair or improve consumers' credit scores. The court also entered a preliminary injunction that prohibits the defendants from making large or non-essential expenditures to preserve assets for consumer redress.

In a civil complaint filed March 1 and unsealed on March 14, the Department of Justice alleged that that Alexander V. Miller, 42, of Missouri City, Texas, and his company Turbo Solutions Inc. violated the Credit Repair Organizations Act, the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act, the FTC Act and the FTC's Telemarketing Sales Rule in connections with defendants' marketing and sales of credit repair services. On March 4, the court issued a temporary restraining order imposing financial restrictions on defendants, which remained in place through the resolution of the preliminary injunction hearing.

The complaint alleges that the defendants used internet websites and telemarketing to falsely claim that the defendants could improve consumers' credit scores by removing all negative items from consumers' credit reports. According to the complaint, the defendants also filed or caused to be filed fake identity theft reports with the FTC. The complaint further alleges that the defendants routinely took prohibited advanced fees for their credit repair services and did not make required disclosures regarding those services. Many consumers allegedly paid defendants a fee ranging from several hundred dollars to $1,500, but did not receive the higher credit scores defendants promised.

"Credit repair scams affect consumers who already are suffering from low credit scores," said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Brian M. Boynton, head of the Justice Department's Civil Division. "The Department of Justice will use all tools at its disposal to stop credit repair agencies from engaging in unlawful conduct targeting financially vulnerable consumers."

"IdentityTheft.gov is a resource for consumers, not scammers," said Director Samuel Levine of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection. "Those who abuse this resource by filing fake reports can expect to hear from us."

The government is represented in the civil matter by Trial Attorneys Marcus Smith and Amy Kaplan, Senior Trial Counsel Stephen Tosini, Senior Litigation Counsel Claude Scott, Assistant Director Lisa Hsiao of the Civil Division's Consumer Protection Branch and Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard Kincheloe of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Texas. The FTC is represented by Gregory A. Ashe.

For more information about the Consumer Protection Branch and its enforcement efforts, visit its website athttps://www.justice.gov/civil/consumer-protection-branch. For more information about the FTC, visit its website at https://www.FTC.gov.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document INDFED0020220322ei3l0004y




Money,News Money,Disability,Government
CASH BOOST Thousands of Scots could be set to receive £150 a week - are you eligible for the Adult Disability Payment?

Zoe Phillips 
504 words
21 March 2022
11:39 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2022 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

A NEW disability payment has opened for applications from Scots living in some areas - and you could be eligible to receive £150 a week.

People who live in Dundee City, Perth and Kinross and Western Isles council areas can now apply for the Adult Disability Payment.

It will be administered through Social Security Scotland and will replace the Personal Independence Payment (PIP), which is delivered by the UK Government.

It will be open to people aged between 16 and state pension age, and who are disabled, have a long-term health condition or a terminal illness.

Dundee City, Perth and Kinross and Western Isles council areas will take part in the initial pilot scheme and further council areas will be introduced in phases until the benefit is rolled out nationwide on August 29.

People with ongoing awards of PIP and Disability Living Allowance do not need to make an application for the Adult Disability Payment, as their awards will transfer to the Scottish social security system automatically from this summer.

Adult Disability Payment is extra money to help you if you have a disability or long-term health condition that affects your everyday life.

The payment is made up of two parts: daily living and mobility.

You may qualify for one or both parts.

You may qualify for the daily living part if you need help with things like preparing food, taking nutrition (eating and drinking), managing therapy or monitoring a health condition and washing and bathing.

If you're awarded the daily living part you'll get either £60 a week for a standard award or £89.60 a week for an enhanced award.

If you're terminally ill you'll automatically get the enhanced daily living award.

Are you eligible?

You can apply for Adult Disability Payment if you have either a:

* disability or long-term physical or mental health condition

* terminal illness

You can still apply if you're waiting for a diagnosis.

You need to be between 16 and State Pension age.

You cannot get Personal Independence Payment (PIP) and Adult Disability Payment at the same time.

You may qualify for the mobility part if you need help with planning and following a journey, or moving around.

If you're awarded the mobility part you'll get either £23.70 a week for a standard award or £62.55 a week for an enhanced award.

You can find out more at www.mygov.scot/adult-disability-payment.

It is the 12th benefit to be introduced by the Scottish Government.

More than 300,000 people in Scotland are expected to be receiving PIP when applications for the Adult Disability Payment open nationwide.

We pay for your stories and videos! Do you have a story or video for The Scottish Sun? Email us at scoop@thesun.co.uk or call 0141 420 5300

Document THESCOT020220321ei3l0035z




Money
'Pensioner poverty' alarm as older people raid pension pots

Shane Hickey 
504 words
20 March 2022
08:37 PM
The Observer
OB
English
© Copyright 2022. The Observer. All rights reserved. 

Growing signs that people are using cash intended for retirement to get through UK's cost-of-living crisis

Older people face the prospect of "pensioner poverty" due to the rising cost of living and the falling value of the stock market, it has been claimed.

Figures from online investment platform Interactive Investor show its customers withdrew a quarter more from their private pensions in January as the cost of energy, food and petrol went up.

The figures have prompted concern that pensioners will not have enough money to see them through retirement.

In January, the average withdrawal from an Interactive Investor pension was £1,944, up 25% on the average for the same month in previous years. In February, the average was £1,910, up 7% on the same month in previous years.

Former pensions minister and campaigner Ros Altmann says these higher withdrawals are a "danger signal for the future", particularly if they are taking their retirement savings early. "As the cost of basic essentials, such as food and heating have soared, people need higher incomes to cover their bills. Pay increases are far lower than current 30-year record high inflation rates, and people may be searching for other ways to make ends meet," she says.

"For the over-55s, this could mean being tempted to take more money from their pension funds. This is worrying because private pensions are meant to support people after they finish work, rather than topping up pre-retirement earnings.

"Higher pension withdrawals now risks rising pensioner poverty in future and lower long-term growth."

Becky O'Connor, head of pensions at Interactive Investor, says the average monthly withdrawal before the pandemic was £1,782. It then dropped to £1,534 as lockdowns were imposed and people were spending less.

The combined pressure of a need for cash to cover higher living expenses, and the falling stock market, leads to a "double depletion" effect on savings, she says, and an anxiety for pensioners.

"It's the existential angst perennially faced by retirees on limited means, whose pensions have to last the rest of their lives.

"But it's worse now than ever as a result of diminishing stock market returns and high inflation, which both erodes the value of the pot and puts pressure on people to withdraw more," says O'Connor.

"Withdrawing more from a diminishing pot means a higher risk of running out of money later on. You may take the view that you need it now, whereas you might not need it in 10 or 20 years when you reach your 80s.

"That might turn out to be true, but even when you are 80, there can be unexpected calls on your income that you could need to cover."

O'Connor says that she expects to see withdrawals rising even higher in the future as living costs increase, and there are more opportunities to spend with society reopening after the pandemic.

Document OB00000020220320ei3k001gx




Options
Can Apple Stock Hold Its 200-Day Line? Options Trade Makes Quick 14% Return If It Does

GAVIN McMASTER 
504 words
17 March 2022
Investor's Business Daily
INVDAI
English
(c) 2022 Investor's Business Daily 

Apple showed impressive strength in the last two days, rising back above the all-important 200-day moving average.

According to the IBD Stock Checkup, Apple stock is ranked No. 1 in its group and has a Composite Rating of 87, an EPS Rating of 95 and a Relative Strength Rating of 85.

Investors who think AAPL stock will stay above the 200-day moving average for the next week or two could look at a short-term bull put spread.

To execute a bull put spread an investor would sell an out-of-the-money put and then buy a further out-of-the-money put.

Selling the April 1 put with a strike price of 150 and buying the 145 put would create a bull put spread.

This spread was trading Wednesday for around $0.60 a share. That means a trader selling this spread would receive $60 in option premium and would have a maximum risk of $440.

13.64% Return By April 1

That represents a 13.64% return on risk between now and April 1 if Apple stock remains above 150.

If Apple stock closes below 145 on the expiration date, the trade loses the full $440.

The break-even point for the bull put spread is 149.40, which is calculated as 150 less the $0.60 option premium per contract.

This bull put spread trade has a delta of 8, which means it is a similar exposure to owning eight shares of Apple, although this exposure will change over time as the stock price moves.

In terms of a stop loss, if the spread increased in price from $0.60 to $1.20, I would consider closing early for a loss, or if Apple stock closed below 153.

With earnings due in late April, this trade should have no earnings risk unless Apple gives early guidance.

Please remember that options are risky, and investors can lose 100% of their investment.

This article is for education purposes only and not a trade recommendation. Remember to always do your own due diligence and consult your financial advisor before making any investment decisions.

Gavin McMaster has a Masters in Applied Finance and Investment. He specializes in income trading using options, is very conservative in his style and believes patience in waiting for the best setups is the key to successful trading. Follow him on Twitter at @OptiontradinIQ

YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE:

Use Covered Calls To Boost The Yield On This Dividend Leader

Check Out New IBD Live Panel Discussion

FedEx Stock Reaches Sky-High Implied Volatility; Can This Iron Condor Trade Produce A 72% Return?":0,"335559739":200,"335559740":276}">

What Is An Iron Condor? This Trade In UnitedHealth Stock Could Produce A $315 Profit By April":0,"335559739":200,"335559740":276}">

McDonald's Stock Option Trade: A Bearish Strategy On This Dow Jones Component":0,"335559739":200,"335559740":276}">

Document INVDAI0020220317ei3h00060




Money,Property
'ALL GONE' I lost everything after council workers cleared out my house by MISTAKE - they even destroyed my baby memory boxes

John Jeffay 
504 words
17 March 2022
12:33 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2022 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

A MUM has lost everything after bugling council workers cleared out her house by mistake.

Shelly Paterson, from Kirkcaldy, Fife, is distraught after sentimental items from her children's births, as well as a ribbon from her late father's coffin were binned.

The items were removed by officials from council contractor Orbis Protect Ltd, who had entered the property by mistake.

A week before Christmas, Shelly was given just three days to pack up her belongings from her council property in Brodick Road, Kirkcaldy, after a new home became available.

Despite being granted some extra time to move out, Shelly returned to the property on December 21 to discover that the house had been stripped bare.

She said: "I couldn't believe it. Every last thing had been removed, there was nothing at all left.

"Everything from children's clothes, furniture, even the Christmas tree, decorations and children's presents had gone.

"Most distressing of all was the loss of my children's baby memory boxes, full of items from when they were born.

"The ribbon that had adorned my father's coffin at his funeral had also been taken."

Shelly added: "The thought that these things will never be able to be replaced is sickening.

"Even though I alerted the council that my belongings had been removed, I was told that everything had already been disposed of.

"I was left just four days before Christmas with no presents to give my two children. It was heartbreaking.

"I'm yet to receive an explanation as to how this was allowed to happen, or an offer to replace the many items that were taken and destroyed."

The single mum of two said she is now considering legal action as the council has yet to offer her compensation.

COUNCIL APOLOGY

John Mills, head of Fife Council's housing service, has apologised unreservedly for the upset caused to Shelly.

He said: "We are really sorry that this has happened, and we are carrying out an urgent investigation into how we work with our contractor and our processes.

"Our contractor has taken full responsibility for this mistake and is discussing compensation with the tenant directly.

"However we understand that no amount of compensation can make up for personal items that have been lost.

"We are also apologising personally to Ms Paterson and we'll discuss if there is any other support she needs.

"Once again we are sorry for any inconvenience and upset caused."

It's the second report of a botched clearance at the authority in two months.

In February, Tegan Dickson, 17, was left with no possessions after the same contractors, Orbis Protect, mistakenly cleared her home in Leven.

We pay for your stories and videos! Do you have a story or video for The Scottish Sun? Email us at scoop@thesun.co.uk or call 0141 420 5300

Document THESCOT020220316ei3g0040j




Money
Why is electricity so expensive? How surging demand and the Ukraine war sent energy prices rocketing

By, Tom Blackburn 
504 words
10 March 2022
04:15 AM
birminghammail.co.uk
EVEMONL
English
© 2022 Reach Plc 

Energy regulator Ofgem is set to raise its energy price cap by £693 to £1,971 a year from April 1st -with millions likely to be plunged into fuel poverty

UK households are currently bracing themselves for a sharp increase in energy prices. Energy industry regulator Ofgem is poised to lift its energy price cap by £693 to £1,971 a year from April 1st.

The increase has prompted fears about the impact on struggling consumers, with millions of people across the country now finding themselves at the sharp end of the cost of living crisis. Several million are expected to be plunged into fuel poverty.

To make matters even worse, the Russian invasion of Ukraine has sent wholesale energy prices rocketing. But why exactly is electricity so expensive

READ MORE: How will the war in Ukraine affect energy prices Consumers warned to expect £3,000-a-year bills

Why is electricity so expensive

Wholesale energy prices have been soaring in recent months, putting further pressure on household bills. A combination of surging demand, tensions in eastern Europe and heavy reliance on natural gas are among the factors driving energy prices higher.

Demand for energy rebounded sharply as economies around Europe began to reopen following the worst of the coronavirus pandemic, putting supplies under pressure and sending gas prices on wholesale markets skyrocketing.

As energy suppliers buy their own energy on the wholesale market, this has put them under serious pressure. Scores of smaller UK energy firms have failed in recent months, having been left unable to deliver on their price promises to customers.

Compounding the problem, Britain has been left especially exposed to sudden fluctuations in wholesale energy markets by its lack of long-term gas storage facilities. The Rough storage facility in the North Sea was closed in 2017.

The recent Russian invasion of Ukraine has again sent natural gas prices soaring on wholesale markets. Russian supplies around 40 per cent of the European Union's gas, with concerns that this supply could be stopped altogether as tensions worsen.

Britain obtains relatively little of its gas from Russia -around five per cent -but any disruption to Russia's supplies to Europe has inevitable knock-on effects elsewhere, as it forces other countries to seek new sources for their gas.

Ofgem has been under huge pressure from suppliers to lift its energy price cap and allow them to charge more, which it is now doing. It is expected to raise the energy price cap again when it next reviews it, which it is scheduled to do in August.

Stay abreast of the latest on days out, nights out, shopping and more with our

 Daily What's On Email updates 

READ MORE: Will Russia cut off its gas supplies to Europe Russian deputy PM issues veiled threat

READ MORE: Why is heating oil so expensive Crude oil prices surge as Russia-Ukraine war continues

Document EVEMONL020220309ei39002xr




IRS - Tax Time Guide: Saving for retirement? IRA contributions for 2021 can be made until April 18

IRS - Internal Revenue Service published this content on 08 Mar 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by PUBT, unedited and unaltered, on 08 Mar 2022 16:18:02 UTC.
504 words
8 March 2022
U.S. Government News and Documents via PUBT
USGND
English
Copyright 2022. As included in the Information 

* Click here to view this document in its original format

Tax Time Guide: Saving for retirement? IRA contributions for 2021 can be made until April 18

IR-2022-52, March 8, 2022

WASHINGTON - The Internal Revenue Service reminds taxpayers they may be able to claim a deduction on their 2021 tax return for contributions to their Individual Retirement Arrangement (IRA) made through April 18, 2022.

An IRA is a personal savings plan that lets employees and the self-employed set money aside for retirement and can have tax advantages. Contributions for 2021 can be made to a traditional or Roth IRA until the filing due date, April 18, but must be designated for 2021 to the financial institution.

Generally, eligible taxpayers can contribute up to $6,000 to an IRA for 2021. For those 50 years of age or older at the end of 2021, the limit is increased to $7,000. Qualified contributions to one or more traditional IRAs may be deductible up to the contribution limit or 100% of the taxpayer's compensation, whichever is less. There is no longer a maximum age for making IRA contributions.

Those who make contributions to certain employer retirement plans, such as a 401k or 403(b), an IRA, or an Achieving a Better Life Experience (ABLE) account, may be able to claim the Saver's Credit. Also known as the Retirement Savings Contributions Credit, the amount of the credit is generally based on the amount of contributions, the adjusted gross income and the taxpayer's filing status. The lower the taxpayer's income (or joint income, if applicable), the higher the amount of the tax credit. Dependents and full-time students are not eligible for the credit. For more information on annual contributions to an ABLE account, see Publication 907, Tax Highlights for Persons With Disabilities.PDF

While contributions to a Roth IRA are not tax deductible, qualified distributions are tax-free. Roth IRA contributions may be limited based on filing status and income. Contributions can also be made to a traditional and/or Roth IRA even if participating in an employer-sponsored retirement plan (including a SEP or SIMPLE IRA-based plan).

Taxpayers can find answers to questions, forms and instructions and easy-to-use tools at IRS.gov. This news release is part of a series called the Tax Time Guide, a resource to help taxpayers file an accurate tax return. Additional help is available in Publication 17, Your Federal Income Tax (For Individuals)PDF.

* Original Link

Disclaimer

IRS - Internal Revenue Service published this content on 08 March 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 08 March 2022 16:19:29 UTC.

Document USGND00020220308ei38002p9


Pensions
Pension providers call for personalised advice rules

Sally Hickey 
504 words
7 March 2022
06:41 PM
Financial Adviser - Magazine and Web Content
FADV
English
© 2022 Financial Adviser 

Pension providers have called on MPs to change advice rules to allow them to offer more personalised guidance.

In evidence submitted as part of the Work and Pensions Committee's inquiry into the impact of pension freedoms, Royal London, Aviva, Phoenix and Legal & General all called for a regulatory regime that can allow providers to tailor their support to people's individual needs.

Royal London and Phoenix both highlighted the need for more clarity on the boundary between guidance and advice, with the former saying there is a lot more pension providers can do to help individuals, but are afraid to do so due to fears of stepping over the boundary between guidance and advice.

"As many individuals are unwilling to pay for full advice on cost grounds, a simplified advice offering at a cheaper cost would allow more individuals to be able to access affordable advice on saving for retirement, or using their pension savings in the most appropriate way," the company added.

Phoenix agreed, emphasising the gap in support providers can give.

"This [clarification] can provide a vital route to a range of providers being able to provide broader guidance or targeted advice which enables much more of the population to receive the kind of contextualised, personalised, support required to address the complex decisions they are facing," the group said.

Aviva outlined how the current regulatory framework poses a barrier to providers' efforts in utilising digital innovation to provide affordable automated advice and personalised guidance.

"UK's advice rules (from MiFID) prevent firms providing personalised support to customers given the liability risk," it said in its submission.

The group said a new regulatory framework is needed to allow providers to give free personalised advice, which sets out how and when consumer data can be used, clearly defines firms' liability and protects consumers from "unscrupulous firms".

This will require legislation to implement, it said.

Scottish Widows said a regulatory regime that supports more personalised guidance and simplified advice would also allow providers to alert customers who "appear to be making suboptimal decisions".

The company added a simplified advice offering would allow advisers to provide advice on a narrower basis, meaning an expert could answer a single question or provide a solution to a single problem, as opposed to a holistic approach that requires a broad understanding of the clients' entire financial circumstances.

"This would provide customers with a level of financial support that is specific and more affordable for the mass market."

The inquiry is focussed on whether households have enough pension savings for retirement and how the government can improve outcomes for individuals.

It is looking at issues around auto-enrolment, retirement income targets and guidance and advice.

It is also looking into what support is available for the self-employed and gig economy workers and possible measures to close the gender pensions gap.

These submissions are part of the third and final stage of the inquiry.

sally.hickey@ft.com

Document FADV000020220307ei370005l




City,Family,Travel,UK Travel,Family Holiday Deals,Staycation tips and ideas,travel deals,UK Holiday Deals
LAST RESORTS Last minute UK holidays from £69 in April

Giuli Graziano 
504 words
2 March 2022
08:35 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2022 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

AS spring approaches, Brits are dreaming of a staycation.

There is still some availability for last-minute April holidays from £69, meaning a family of four can bag an Easter break from £17.25 per person.

If you click on a link in this story we may earn affiliate revenue.

There are locations available across Britain - including Sussex, Dorset, Kent, and Essex to Northumberland, Wales, Scotland and more.

Whether you're looking for a family-friendly park holiday or a romantic getaway, there are still plenty of options at holiday parks, cottages, lodges and luxury hot tub stays.

Here are the best deals we found for April:

Haven Holidays

Haven Holidays has deals available for the Easter break, with three-night stays at Riviere Sands in Cornwall from £119 per stay, arriving on April 1.

Some of the best Easter deals include:

* 3 nights in Lincolnshire - from £173 per stay, on April 8.

* 4 nights at The Orchards in Essex - from £159 per stay, on April 18.

For travellers looking to travel after Easter to avoid the crowds, Haven Holidays is also offering deals after the holiday break.

Four nights in popular locations including Essex, Sussex, Kent, Lincolnshire are available from £69 per stay, departing on April 25.

Park Holidays

Last-minute breaks in Suffolk are available from £179 per stay, more deals in April include:

* Cornwall & Devon breaks from £191 per stay

* Essex & Kent breaks from £229 per stay

Parkdean Resorts

Parkdean Resorts offer facilities including swimming pools and aquatic activities, entertainment and on-site restaurants.

* Withernsea Sands, Yorkshire - 3 nights from £189 per stay 

* White Cross Bay, Lake District - 4 nights from £289 per stay

* Parkdean Resorts Warmwell, Dorset - 4 nights from £219 per stay

* Parkdean Resorts Summerfields, Norfolk - 3 nights from £159 per stay

Away Resorts

Away Resorts have different self-catering options available, with locations for beach lovers and forest explorers with some accommodation having private hot tubs.

* The Isle of Wight breaks from £172 per stay

* Essex breaks from £244 per stay

* Cornwall breaks from £87 per stay

Forest Holidays

If you're looking for a last-minute holiday in the midst of the woods, Forest Holidays has the best deals on cabin holidays right now - and some of them include hot tubs.

* 3 nights from £595 per stay, departing on April 1.

* 3 nights from £545 per stay, departing on April 22.

Pontins

Pontins parks have restaurants and bars on-site, as well as a variety of activities for children, including amusement arcades and heated indoor swimming pools.

Some sites also have trampolines, crazy golf, trampolines, go-karting and live entertainment.

* Pontins Easter breaks from £99 per stay

Hoseasons

Hoseasons has a wide range of accommodation to rent across the UK, including popular tourist spots that are still available during the Easter break.

* April breaks from £119 per stay

Document THESCOT020220302ei32001bj


Accessories - 
10 deals you can't miss on Sunday: 99¢ Amazon Smart Plug, $29 Roku, Bose blowout, more

Maren Estrada 
504 words
27 February 2022
Boy Genius Report (BGR)
BGR
English
BGR Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Media Corporation. All Rights Reserved. 

You won't believe how many amazing Amazon deals are out there on Sunday, February 27, 2022. In fact, we can hardly believe it! Practically anything and everything you can think of is on sale today. But there are always some deals that are clearly the best of the best.

Today, we dug through all the deals we could to come up with a list of our favorites. You'll find them all down below, plus you can check out even more on Amazon's special deals page.

Sunday's 10 11 best deals

We're starting things off with a bonus deal today - this úæ Ukraine Flag úæ is the #1 best-seller on Amazon right now. Pick one up while it's only $9.99 The super-popular Roku Express 4K+ is on sale for just $29.99 Want a HUGE upgrade? Get the Roku Streaming Stick 4K+ instead for the all-time low price of $49 instead of $70! Get best-selling Amysen smart plugs that work with Alexa and Google for just $4.74 each

Willing to pay a little more? Get #1 best-selling TP-Link Kasa smart plugs on sale at the lowest price of 2022 - just $6.25 each

Don't buy AirPods Pro with MagSafe for $249 at Apple when they're only $197 at Amazon

On top of that, AirPods 2 are down to $118.98, AirPods 3 are $169 and AirPods Max have a massive $70 discount if you hurry

The #1 best-selling Levoit air purifier on Amazon has 44,000 5-star reviews - today, it has a rare 10% discount! The newest-generation Nest Thermostat is on sale for $99, which is the best price of the year so far Beckham Hotel Collection bed pillows are the best-selling pillows of all time on Amazon. They have 118,000 5-star ratings, and today they're on sale for $16 each! The top-rated Kmouk TV Soundbar on sale for just $39.99 instead of $60 There's a huge sale on Bose headphones and true wireless earbuds today with the best prices of 2022

Bose QuietComfort 45 headphones are $50 off, Bose 700 headphones are $50 off, and Bose Sport Earbuds are down to $159 Class-leading Bose QuietComfort ANC Earbuds are down to $219 instead of $279 Bose portable Bluetooth speakers are also on sale for just $99!

LAST CHANCE: The $25 Amazon Smart Plug is on sale today for just $0.99 with coupon code PLUG

Not everyone is eligible - see Amazon's terms and conditions for more This deal ends on Monday, so hurry!

You'll find all of these great daily deals down below.

Go here to see this month's best deals online!

The post 10 deals you can't miss on Sunday: 99¢ Amazon Smart Plug, $29 Roku, Bose blowout, more appeared first on BGR.

Document BGR0000020220227ei2r0002w




Money,News Money,Aldi
NO BUM DEAL Aldi is giving away FREE nappies to shoppers - how to get them

Emily Downes 
504 words
23 February 2022
11:30 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2022 

ALDI shoppers can pick up FREE nappies in-store with an easy to claim voucher.

Parents are facing rising costs from their shopping to their home bills, so the freebie comes as a welcome relief from rocketing grocery bills too.

On offer is a 24 pack of Mamia size one newborn nappies - which usually cost 79p to buy from the budget supermarket.

But parents can get the full-sized pack free of charge thanks to a Netmums trial.

Eagle-eyed bargain hunters on Latest Deals shared the find as they revealed exactly how to claim the freebie in your weekly shop.

One said: "It does actually work - I got the free nappies when my grandson was born."

While another said: "Good for parents to be!"

How to get the freebie

To claim the pack you just have to fill out your details on Netmums' free-sample form and then you'll be mailed a voucher for one pack of newborn nappies.

It only works for the one size of nappies though - which are designed to fit babies weighing between 4-11lbs (2-5kg).

The voucher itself can take up to two weeks to arrive, but you have until December 31 to use it to redeem the freebie.

Once you have your voucher, take it to your local Aldi store and show it at the checkout.

The only catch is that the Mamia newborn nappies are exclusively available at Aldi, so you won't be able to pick them up anywhere else.

You have to venture into the store to pick them up too, as the freebie can't be redeemed online.

You can use Aldi's store locator tool to easily find out where that is though.

Keep in mind they'll only be available while stocks last.

Are there other freebies I can get as a parent?

The free Aldi nappies aren't the only way new mums and dads can stock up on a budget either.

Struggling parents can pick up free essentials for their children from baby banks across the UK - and more than 100 sites offer free nappies, clothes and toys to especially hard-up families.

What's available in your local area can vary, but charities such as Citizens Advice and Trussell Trust will be able to provide more information on what you can claim.

The Household Support Fund includes support for parents can make use of free food vouchers and more, too, especially when they have very young children.

Local councils hand out grants for residents to spend on essentials, so it's worth checking with yours to see if you could be eligible.

Similarly, parents can get up to £442 worth of free food over the year using Healthy Start vouchers.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020220223ei2n0030n




Options
Find Expected Moves For Key Earnings This Week Using Options

GAVIN McMASTER 
504 words
22 February 2022
Investor's Business Daily
INVDAI
English
(c) 2022 Investor's Business Daily 

Earnings season continues with some big names reporting earnings this week. It's still a tough market environment, but good to know the expected moves.

We have Home Depot, Teladoc and Virgin Galactic on Tuesday; Lowes, Fubo and ebay on Wednesday. Alibaba, Block and Coinbase report on Thursday. And finally we have Foot Locker on Friday.

It's shaping up to be a busy week.

Those who are wondering what sort of stock moves we might see can use the options market to gain an insight into the market's expectation.

Expected Moves For This Week's Earnings

We can use what is called the expected move. This tells us the market's expected range for an underlying stock for a specific period.

The quickest way to work out the expected move is to look up the option chain and add the price of the at-the-money put option to the at-the-money call option. We use the first expiry date after the earnings date.

While this approach isn't as accurate as a detailed calculation, it does serve as a reasonably accurate estimate.

Let's take a look at the expected moves for these and other companies' earnings this week:

Tuesday

HD - 5.1%

TDOC - 18.4%

SPCE - 17.7%

MELI - 12.5%

Wednesday

LOW - 6.2%

FUBO - 18.7%

EBAY - 8.5%

Thursday

BABA - 8.7%

MRNA - 11.5%

NKLA - 14.2%

NCLH - 7.8%

SQ - 17.1%

COIN - 13.0%

ETSY - 16.2%

BYND - 17.1%

Friday

FL - 10.0%

Options Trades Based On Earnings

Options traders can use these expected moves to structure trades. Bearish traders can look at selling bear call spreads outside the expected range.

Bullish traders can sell bull put spreads outside the expected range or look at naked puts for those with a higher risk tolerance.

Neutral traders can look at iron condors. For iron condors, it is best to keep the short strikes outside the expected range.

When trading options over earnings, it's best to stick to risk-defined strategies and keep position sizes small. If the stock makes a larger-than-expected move and the trade suffers a full loss, it should not have more than a 1%-3% effect on your portfolio.

Good luck this week, traders.

Please remember that options are risky, and investors can lose 100% of their investment. This article is for education purposes only and not a trade recommendation. Remember to always do your own due diligence and consult your financial advisor before making any investment decisions.

YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE:

How To Buy This High-Dividend Stock For A 5% Discount

Union Pacific Stock Is Up 139% From Its Coronavirus Crash Lows; Why This Bull Call Spread Could Earn $335

How To Trade An Iron Condor On Nvidia Stock Before Earnings

See Stocks On The List Of Market Leaders With IBD Leaderboard

How To Trade A Bullish Diagonal Spread On FCX Stock

Document INVDAI0020220223ei2m0000m




News
Water bills to increase by 10%

Catherine furze 
504 words
22 February 2022
The Evening Chronicle, Newcastle
EVECHR
1; National
11
English
© 2022 The Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd 

NORTH EAST CUSTOMERS STILL PAY LESS THAN MOST

STRUGGLING families hit by a wave of cost increases will be hit by another hike when Northumbrian Water raises its prices by 10% in April.

Customers in our region will pay an average bill of £365 per year for their water and sewerage services, up by £37 compared to this year.

But although the percentage rise is the highest in the country, the overall cost of the bill is second lowest, with only Hafren Dyfrdwy customers in Wales paying less, at £334 per year.

Customers of South West Water will still pay a whopping £472 from April, even after a price reduction of 6% and a £50 contribution from the government.

Water bills across England and Wales are set to rise by an average of 1.7% in April 2022 - that's a rise of £7 a year on a typical bill.

Northumbrian Water defended the rise, which affects both water meter and water rates customers, saying it was investing over £450m in the region's water and wastewater networks during 2022, part of a five-year £2.4bn investment plan between 2020 and 2025.

Projects in the pipeline include a £30m spend on sewer network improvements across County Durham and an investigation into bathing water quality in Marsden, South Tyneside.

The company will also invest £145m to improve water quality and futureproof Northumbrian Water's supply network in the south of County Durham and into Teesside.

The Project Pipeline: Durham and Tees Valley will include replacing some sections of the network that are more than 100 years old and installing 17 miles of new pipes, connecting Lartington Water Treatment Works with Shildon, via Whorley Hill.

A spokesman said the rise amounts to about 72p per week, with customers paying on average £1 a day for their water and sewerage services, and bills remain lower than they were in 2019.

Northumbrian Water's chief executive, Heidi Mottram, said: "We have a responsibility to look after our customers, our communities and our precious water environment, which is why we're committed to investing millions of pounds across the region to do just that.

"Our plans will not only allow us to continue delivering a reliable service to customers, both now and into the future, but will also help us to tackle some of the environmental challenges we face, brought about by climate change and severe weather conditions.

"These essential investments, together with the rising costs of inflation has meant it is necessary for us to increase our prices by a small amount.

"However, we are very conscious of the financial challenges that some of our customers are facing, particularly in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic and the rising costs of living, and we want to reassure our customers that there are lots of ways that we can offer support."

We are very conscious of the financial challenges that some of our customers are facing Heidi Mottram

Document EVECHR0020220222ei2m0000e


Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:16 PM
    
