 


HEARD ON THE STREET: Red-Hot Coal Faces Cooler Future

By Matthew Curtin    
A DOW JONES COLUMN
504 words
22 December 2010
11:39 PM
Dow Jones Global Equities News
DJI
English
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.    

Coal may be politically unfashionable, but you'd never guess by the scramble for coal-mining assets. Coal deals worth $45 billion were announced in the first 11 months of this year, not far off the 2008 record of $49 billion, according to Dealogic. Strategic investors such as utilities and steel-makers are leading the rush, keen to lock in long-term supplies. But while the medium-term outlook is strong, coal's long-term prospects are less certain.

The deal activity partly reflects the scarcity of high-quality coking coal for smelting but also surging demand for more plentiful thermal coal to fuel power stations. Coal is responsible for 45% of U.S. power generation and much of the energy supply in China and India, both now major coal importers. Contract prices are up 8% on average to $92 a metric ton in 2010 and double levels five years ago. They could stay above $100/ton until 2016, partly through transport bottlenecks, according to brokerage house CLSA.

But a coal mine's life is measured in decades not years. Bidders for coal assets have to bear in mind the impact on long-term demand of competing fuels and environmental regulation. Heavy investment in renewable energy, new gas discoveries, tougher pollution controls, and carbon-dioxide taxes are shrinking coal's share of global energy markets. Chinese coal-fired capacity could decline to 52% of the country's total by 2020 from 71% today. Xstrata reckons coal's relative decline will be slow enough to justify its investment in Wandoan, a $6-billion new thermal coal mine in Australia. But BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto are reluctant to build or buy new capacity.

As a result, transaction multiples have failed to keep pace with the rise in stock market multiples and thermal coal prices. Strategic investors tend to be buying bigger or earlier-stage resources, keeping deal multiples in check. So while coal-mining share prices are up around 30% this year, ahead of the broader mining sector, coal assets continued to change hands at around $2 per ton of resources for producing companies between 2007 and 2010, according to Citi. It is a good sign that coal is near its zenith as the world's favorite fuel.

(Matthew Curtin has been a financial journalist since 1990. He has written on international finance and business - from South Africa, Singapore and France - since 1994. He can be reached at +331 4017 1746 or by email: matthew.curtin@dowjones.com)

TALK BACK: We invite readers to send us comments on this or other financial news topics. Please email us at TalkbackEurope@dowjones.com. Readers should include their full names, work or home addresses and telephone numbers for verification purposes. We reserve the right to edit and publish your comments along with your name; we reserve the right not to publish reader comments. [ 22-12-10 1239GMT ]

5090

Document DJI0000020101222e6cm000ry




Nest Egg
Post Homes
Illegal renos can be such a drag

Helen Morris        
National Post
504 words
18 December 2010
National Post
FINP
Toronto
PH8
English
(c) 2010 National Post . All Rights Reserved.        

When trawling home listings, many ads boast of recent upgrades and renovations. Before you marvel at that new addition, be sure the vendor obtained the permits for the work.

Each municipality has its own permit requirements, but if it affects structure or is a safety issue, then a permit will likely be required.

"Anything within the building where load-bearing walls are changed [requires a permit] as do new openings on the exterior or a change to the size of doors or windows," says Ann Borooah, the chief building official for the City of Toronto. "Building a garage, balcony, deck or any addition of that nature also needs a permit."

(For details, go to toronto.ca/building.)You can apply for a compliance letter from the city, which will tell you if there are any outstanding open permits on the property, but not if the work was done without a permit.

"If there was never a permit applied for and we have no record of non-compliance, that will not come up on our records," Ms. Borooah says.

"When you're looking to buy a home, check to see if there has been any new work [done on it]," says Ray Leclair, real estate lawyer and vice-president, Title Plus at Law Pro in Toronto. "The easiest thing for purchasers to do is to ask the vendor: 'Do you have a copy of the permit? Do you have a copy of the plans that were submitted?' If you don't have any of those documents, it probably wasn't done with the building permit and may not be up to standard."

If you buy a place where work has been done without permits, and this comes to light when you apply to do your own renovations, you will be on the hook for making the old renovations compliant.

A client of Mr. Leclair applied to put a deck over an existing addition.

"The City asked, 'How are you hanging the deck?' Their architect said, 'It sits on top of the addition,' The city said, 'What addition?'" Mr. Leclair says. The client had to tear down the entire addition, which was found to be sitting on a disused swimming pool and rebuild from scratch.

Ms. Borooah says that many buyers are opting for title insurance to cover them against such risks.

"We've seen a trend away from asking for compliance letters because of title insurance being introduced," Ms. Borooah says. "Instead of doing title searches or requesting records from municipalities, applicants obtain title insurance and then it's guaranteed."

Mr. Leclair says he has seen a significant rise in claims over permit issues.

"Building compliance issues represent the second largest number of claims that we receive in the Title Plus program -- 25% of the number of claims," he says. "But they account for 33% of the cost that we've had up to date, and that cost is growing."

Document FINP000020101218e6ci0000g




Audit finds that salary hikes before retirement are costing beleaguered Montana pension system

By MATT GOURAS        
Associated Press
504 words
17 December 2010
09:38 AM
Associated Press Newswires
APRS
English
(c) 2010.    The Associated Press.    All Rights Reserved.        

HELENA, Mont. (AP) - Auditors looking at Montana's beleaguered pension system said Thursday they have found cases where salary hikes just before retirement spiked pension payments.

Legislative auditors say a sample of retired employees found dozens of cases where unexpected salary hikes at the end of a career drove up the payouts despite controls in place aimed at limiting such "pension spiking." Just eight specific cases analyzed by auditors found the inflated pensions cost the state $1.75 million.

The auditors reported to a legislative interim committee that the practice appears limited and doesn't have much affect on the pension system's billion-dollar solvency problem -- but it can provide a big benefit to the employee getting the increase.

"For individual members, benefit inflation can represent a significant financial advantage, though our analysis indicates the practice is limited and would not likely affect the actuarial soundness of the retirement systems as a whole," the Legislative auditors wrote in a report. "However, when individuals engage in practices which result in benefit inflation it can create a negative perception of the retirement system by members who are unable to achieve similar results and by the taxpaying public."

The state-run Teacher's Retirement System faces a long-term funding gap of $1.5 billion, while the Public Employees Retirement System faces a gap of about $1 billion. The value of both systems plummeted during the dramatic stock-market decline of 2008.

The auditors only sampled the pension system and did not look for a total cost associated with the issue.

A look at specific cases showed several ways salary can go way up at the end of a career. In one, an employee worked a lot of overtime and increased the expected pension benefit from $2,850 a month to $4,219 a month. In another case, an elected legislator, which is just a part-time job, took a full-time state government job and increased an expected benefit from $453 a month to $2,073 a month.

The Legislative Audit Division said they did not have employee names in the cases since they assigned a tracking number to data they compiled.

Lawmakers meeting next year are expected to look at the "pension spiking" and other larger fixes -- such as dramatically changing benefits for new hires. One proposal aimed at easing the salary spiking problem would base benefits on employees' last five years' of salary instead of the last three.

Auditors said the spiking causes fiscal problems for the system because contributions are based on an employee's earnings over an entire career. The system cannot keep up with huge increases in the last few years of employment.

Pension managers agreed new laws and controls are needed.

"Salary spiking has been an issue that the Teachers Retirement System has addressed over the years," said Teachers Retirement System director David Senn. "We will continue to address that."

7

Document APRS000020101216e6cg002qf




Business; Your Money; Bucks
The Financial Impact of Divorce on College Students; Bucks

By JENNIFER SARANOW SCHULTZ      
504 words
15 December 2010
NYT Blogs
NYTB
English
© 2010 The New York Times Company. All rights reserved      

Here's some more evidence of how divorce is utterly devastating to one's financial life - and the financial lives of one's family.

According to a study published in the December Journal of Family Issues, the financial burden of college falls more heavily on students with divorced parents or remarried parents than on students with parents who have remained married to each other.

The researchers from Rice University and the University of Wisconsin found that divorced parents contributed about a third of what married parents contributed to their children's education, though their incomes are about half as much as those of parents who have stayed married. Remarried parents, meanwhile, contributed about half of what married parents contributed, though their incomes are similar to those of parents have stayed married.

"What we're seeing is that the cost burden of higher education is shifted to the student in families with divorced or remarried parents," said Ruth Lopez Turley, associate professor of sociology at Rice University and co-author of the paper, in a statement about the study. "The findings are troubling for college-bound students with divorced, separated or remarried parents. They are at a disadvantage because they need to shoulder more of the costs of their education."

More specifically, the researchers found that marital status was a significant determinant of how much parents contribute toward college expenses, even after taking into account factors such as parents' income and education.

According to the research, married parents contributed about 8 percent of their income to their child's college costs and met 77 percent of their children's financial needs. In contrast, divorced parents contributed about 6 percent of their income and met only 42 percent of their children's financial needs, while remarried parents contributed 5 percent of their income and met 53 percent of their children's needs.

The researchers hypothesized that remarried parents contribute less than parents who remain married to each other, despite similar income levels, because of additional obligations such as the costs associated with a second family.

The findings regarding both remarried and divorced parents' contributions to college also make sense when you consider that divorcing parents often are also hurt financially by spending lots of time and money fighting with each other.

To help avoid running into a similar situation as a parent, check out Ron Lieber's recent series of Your Money columns on divorce, including tips regarding financial decisions to make as you divorce and advice from financial experts about what they learned when their own marriages fell apart.

Readers, have you experienced financial hardship paying for your child's college tuition in the wake of divorce, and if so, why and how?

* Tuition Reimbursements for Jobless Graduates?

* 'Til Debt Do Us Part

* More on Cortney Munna's Student Loan Tale

* Wells Fargo's New College Loan for Parents

* A New Source for Student Loans

Document NYTB000020101215e6cf007pt




New York Culture
Couple's Trust Provides Grants for Young Artists

By Shelly Banjo      
504 words
6 December 2010
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

During their lives, Edward and Sally Van Lier helped children and young adults enjoy New York City's cultural smorgasbord.

Now the charitable fund the couple set up at Sally's death in 1988 is granting $700,000 to more than a dozen nonprofits around the city for pre-college and post-college scholarships and programs for young artists.

Born into a family of Hungarian immigrants at the turn of the century, Ms. Van Lier struggled to launch a career in show business. She got her break in 1923 when she won a local beauty contest and subsequently landed a role in the Ziegfeld Follies on Broadway. She went on to secure a role in the first production of Flo Ziegfeld's musical "Showboat."

In 1935, she married Edward, a real-estate investor. Although the couple didn't have children, they became involved with the local YWCA near Manhattan's Grand Central Station where they befriended a number of young women. Taking the women to concerts and museums, they encouraged them to pursue the arts.

At their death, the Van Liers set up a fund with the New York Community Trust, requiring the fund be disbursed to "provide education assistance and training to gifted young persons who aspire to a career in the arts."

"Sally was no stranger to what it was like to be a struggling artist," says Kerry McCarthy, a program officer that oversees grants to arts and culture for the New York Community Trust, the largest private funder of the city's nonprofits. "The Van Liers's role of helping gifted and talented but underserved young people pursue the arts will continue for years to come."

In 1991, the trust began making grants to arts organizations to award Van Lier fellowships to low-income and minority artists at two critical points: pre-college, for training to help prepare for admission to a college or conservatory; and post-college, to develop a body of work and make the transition from student to professional artist.

"When students are in school, they are surrounded by an academic environment that can nurture them," Ms. McCarthy says.

"It's getting into these schools that are tough and then again, they struggle when they graduate and face the challenging world of finding space, resources and work."

For that reason, the fund has awarded more than $11 million to more than 130 arts training groups including the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre, the Manhattan School of Music and Dancewave, a pre-professional performing arts training center in Brooklyn.

"The Van Lier Scholarship will give these kids, many of whom would never have the money to pay for dance lessons, an opportunity to perform on world-class stages and get into the best college programs," says Diane Jacobowitz, executive director at Dancewave, which this year will award five Van Lier scholarships to high school students.

Write to Shelly Banjo at shelly.banjo@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020101206e6c6001be




Ten investment tips for 2011

504 words
1 December 2010
Financial Times (FT.Com)
FTCOM
English
Copyright 2010 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.        

The end of 2010 is fast approaching and people are starting to think about where to put their money next year. Simon James, founding partner of Gore Browne Investment Management tells Money Matters the investment themes to watch out for in 2011.

1. Growth

Globally there is unlikely to be a double dip, but worries about Chinese tightening will persist for some time. In the UK there may be some negative months of consumer activity in Q1 2011, which will raise double dip anxiety.

2. Inflation

This is more of an issue for emerging economies than developed ones. UK statistics will remain high due to commodity prices and tax increases, but there will be little transmission to wage growth, and core inflation measures, excluding taxes, will remain below target. This will justify continued monetary easing, and low interest rates.

3. QE2

This will commence in the UK around Easter, as fiscal tightening squeezes consumers. This will be a good chance to sell gilts.

4. Credit confidence

UK and European banks will continue to suffer crises of confidence. Any capital raising will continue to fall short of broad pre-emptive action. Credit will remain tight. Remain wary of bank shares.

5. UK Equities

Among UK equities there will continue to be a divergence of performance between beneficiaries of the "new normal" and others. On the one hand companies generating good cash flows which can raise dividends, de-equitise, or drive M&A, and beneficiaries of emerging market growth or UK and global infrastructure spending will thrive, while those exposed to domestic consumption will struggle unless they are winning market share. Our tip is to avoid the index and buy Trojan Income.

6. Developed markets

Trends within international developed markets will be similar to those in the UK. Buy Findlay Park American Smaller Companies.

7. Emerging markets equities

These will be volatile early in the year, as tightening dominates investors' thinking. Later they will recover their position as leaders in global equities, as growth drives value. There will be no bubble here. Investors can expect substantial issuance of new shares. Buy Templeton Emerging Markets.

8. Industrial & Agricultural commodities

The long term trends for both remain intact. Industrial commodities may fallback as concerns about the degree of tightening in emerging economies prevails, but they will recover. Agricultural prices may also fall back as hope for next year's harvests rise, but the levels of inventories are historically low, and any supply disruption will cause spikes in prices. Buy Investec Enhanced Natural Resources Fund.

9. UK Property

Well financed UK property is interesting. Yields are good relative to corporate bonds, and property is not a homogeneous market. Buy Land Securities.

10. Private Equity

Listed private equity shares will benefit from closing of discounts, as realisations continue to benefit their financial positions. They will be beneficiaries of the general rise in corporate cash flow generation. Either buy small positions in a few funds, or access private equity "lite" via RIT or Caledonia.

Document FTCOM00020101201e6c1003jt




STEEL HIGHLIGHTS: Top Stories Of The Day

504 words
27 November 2010
02:46 AM
Dow Jones International News
DJI
English
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      


 
 TOP STORIES: 
 
KT, Posco To Join Woori-Led Consortium For Woori Stake Bid - Reuters 

SEOUL (Dow Jones)--Posco (005490.SE) and KT Corp. (030200.SE) have agreed to join a consortium led by Woori Finance Holdings Co. (053000.SE) that will bid for a controlling stake in the financial group that has been put up for sale by the government, Reuters reported Friday, citing an unnamed source.

ArcelorMittal To Build Smaller Steel Units In 3 Indian States - Report 

ArcelorMittal will build smaller, 3 million ton capacity plants in Jharkhand, Orissa and Karnataka, as per investment proposals it has lodged with the Indian government, the Press Trust of India reported Thursday, citing the minister of state for steel, A. Sai Prathap, in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha, or upper house of parliament.

Tata Steel To Expand Aerospace Output 30% In North England 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--Tata Steel Ltd. (500470.BY) will invest GBP6.5 million to expand by 30% its aerospace steels production capacity in northern England, it said Friday.


 
 
 STORIES OF INTEREST: 
 
India Environment Ministry Issues Notice To Jindal Steel Plant 

NEW DELHI (Dow Jones)--India's environment ministry said Friday it has issued a show-cause notice to Jindal Steel & Power Ltd. (532886.BY) on revoking environmental clearance for its proposed 6 million-ton-a-year steel plant at Angul in eastern Orissa state.

Rio Tinto: Own Iron Ore Expansion To Finish On Time 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--Much of the new global iron ore capacity planned in the next three to five years may not come to fruition, Rio Tinto Ltd. (RIO.LN) said Friday, adding the company remains confident its own expansion plans will happen and on time.


 
Sumitomo Metal To Invest Y810M In Indian Car Wheel Maker-Kyodo 

Sumitomo Metal Industries Ltd. (5405.TO) said Friday it has decided to invest around Y810 million in India's major car wheel maker in early December to raise its presence in the country's growing automobile market, the Kyodo news service reported.


 
China 2010 Crude Steel Output Likely 624 Mln Tons, Up 8.2% On Year -CISA 

BEIJING (Dow Jones)--China's crude steel output will likely rise 8.2% to about 624 million metric tons this year, China Iron and Steel Association Deputy Chairman Luo Bingsheng said Friday.


 
Brazil 2010 Steel Output To Reach 33.1M Tons, Up 25% -IABr 

RIO DE JANEIRO (Dow Jones)--Brazilian steelmakers will post strong year-on-year growth in crude steel output in 2010 as the industry recovers from last year's global economic slowdown, according to a report Thursday from the local Estado news agency.


 
Argentina October Steel Output Up, But On-Year Gain Tempered 

BUENOS AIRES (Dow Jones)--Argentina's October steel production was up sharply on the year, although to a lesser degree than in recent months, the steel chamber Acero Argentino reported Thursday.

-By Jaya Matta, Dow Jones Newswires; 4420-7842-9476; jaya.matta@dowjones.com [ 26-11-10 1546GMT ]

61062

Document DJI0000020101126e6bq0013m




Property
Two become one

Kirsty McLuckie        
504 words
4 November 2010
The Scotsman
SC
7
English
(c) 2010        

There is a lot of discussion in the current economic climate about the choice between extending your existing house to fit a growing family or moving to a larger house. But there can be few properties that have expanded with a family more perfectly than this 1920s home tucked in a lovely spot between Barnton and Cramond.

Springbank was originally built as two semi detached cottages, each containing four rooms in a single storey. One of the cottages was bought by Robin Hodge's parents Sandy and Pauline when they were newly married in the 1940s and the home was probably considered quite new, rather than the period home it is today.

Robin says "It was the first house that my parents bought and it was back in the days of Barnton having a railway line, so my father walked to the station every day to catch the train to his job as a solicitor in the city centre."

By the time their children, Robin and his sisters Sally and Belinda, came along, the Hodges needed more room and so when an opportunity came up in the mid-1950s, they bought the cottage next door and converted the two into one house.

You would never know that the house had been designed to be two cottages nowadays. The eight original room shapes still exist on the ground floor, but where on one side the beautiful boxed bay window so redolent of the architecture of the era graces the drawing room, on the other, the master bedroom enjoys the light and the views over the garden that its counterpart affords.

There is a large dining kitchen, plus a dining room at the back of the house, a family room and two more bedrooms and a bathroom on the ground floor, making for quite a substantial home. But in the mid-1960s, when the children were teenagers, it expanded again, this time into the roof, to create two more bedrooms and a bathroom.

It was Robin's mother who took on the half acre garden and developed among the shrubs and lawns a wonderful vegetable patch for the family and some very impressive beech hedging, which makes sure the house is secluded and sheltered.

Robin says that as children the best thing about the house was its quiet position down a cul-de-sac: "We played out in a car-free street and that is still the same for the children who live here today."

With his parents now gone, he hopes another family will take the home on and enjoy it as much as they have over the last 60 years. "It has everything you would want, it is a sunny, happy house with a lovely big garden. It does need a bit of refurbishment but it has been very well looked after in our time in it."

l Springbank, 1 Brae Park, Edinburgh is priced at offers over GBP740,000, contact Rettie and Co on 0131-220 4160.

Document SC00000020101104e6b400002




SAVERS SELECTION (as at Oct 28)

504 words
31 October 2010
06:00 PM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2010, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved        

SAVERS SELECTION (as at Oct 28)

All rates are shown gross:

Phone No Account Notice Min Dep Rate Int

No Notice Accounts or Term AER

Saga 0845 850 0664 Telephone Saver None £1 2.75% Yly

Birmingham Midshires 0845 602 2828 Telephone Extra None £1 2.60% Yly

Sainsbury's sainsburysfinance.co.uk Easy Saver None £1 2.60% Yly

Mansfield BS 01246 202055 Postal Premium None £1,000 2.50% Yly

Notice Accounts

Manchester BS 0161 923 8015 Premier Notice 60 Day £1,000 2.91% Yly

Stroud & Swindon BS 08457 252423 90 Day Notice 90 Day £1,000 2.90% Yly

Newcastle BS 0845 605 0022 Reward Saver 120 Day £500 2.75% Yly

Dunfermline BS 0845 733 6688 60 Day Notice 60 Day £1,000 2.70% Yly

Internet Accounts

Post Office postoffice.co.uk Online Saver None £1 2.90% Yly

Santander santander.co.uk eSaver 2 Instant £1 2.75% Yly

Saga 0845 850 0664 TelephoneSaver None £1 2.75% Yly

Derbyshire BS thederbyshire.com Online Saver None £5,000 2.65% Yly

Monthly Interest

Post Office postoffice.co.uk Online Saver None £1 2.91% Mly

Stroud & Swindon BS 08457 252423 90 Day Notice 90 Day £1,000 2.90% Mly

Santander santander.co.uk eSaver 2 Instant £1 2.75% Mly

Saga 0845 850 0664 TelephoneSaver None £1 2.75% Mly

Cash ISAs

Santander 0800 234 6065 Flexible ISA Instant £1 2.85% Yly

Halifax 0845 850 2582 Direct Reward None £1 2.80% Yly

Principality BS principality.co.uk e-ISA None £1 2.80% Yly

Northern Rock 0845 601 5151 ISA Saver 120 Day £1,000 2.80% Yly

Child Trust Funds

Hanley Economic BS via branch Age 18 £50 5.00% Yly

Yorkshire BS 0845 120 0100 Age 18 £50 3.00% Yly

Chorley & District BS 01257 235000 Age 18 £50 2.90% Yly

Earl Shilton BS 01455 844422 Age 18 £50 2.85% Yly

Fixed Rate Bonds

AA theAA.com InternetFixedRate 5Yr Bnd £1 4.55% Yly

Saga saga.co.uk FixedRateSavings 5Yr Bnd £1 4.50% Yly

United Trust Bank 0207 190 5555 Fixed Deposit 5Yr Bnd £500 4.50% Yly

ICICI Bank hisave.co.uk HiSave Fixed Rate 5Yr Bnd £1,000 4.50% Yly

National Savings & Investments Accounts & Bonds

Easy Access Savings Inst £100 0.30%e Yly

NS&I Direct Saver None £1 1.75% Yly

Investment None £20 0.20%b Yly

Income Bonds None £500 1.46%c Mly

National Savings Tax Free Products

Direct ISA None £100 2.50%H Yly

Childrens Bond Issue 34 5yr £25 2.38%F OM

F = fixed rate.

b = Rates tiered: £20 - 0.20%, £25K - 0.30%

c = Rates tiered: £500 - 0.70%, £25K - 1.00%

e = Rates tiered: £100 - 0.30%, £10K - 0.45%, £50K - 0.70%

OM = interest paid on maturity.

Source: Money£acts - www.moneyfacts.co.uk (All rates subject to change without

notice)

ends

Document PRESSA0020101031e6av0018k




Sentara Healthcare Partners with Optima Health

504 words
25 October 2010
Health & Beauty Close-Up
HEALBE
English
(c) 2010. Close-Up Media, Inc. All rights reserved.      

A three-year, incentive-based wellness program at Sentara Healthcare, implemented in partnership with Optima Health, a division of Sentara Healthcare, demonstrated a substantial improvement in employee health and a $3.4-million savings in healthcare costs, the Company reported.

"For every dollar spent to incentivize employees to improve their health, Sentara Healthcare saved $6," says Optima Health President and CEO Michael M. Dudley.

Called "Mission: Health," the program was launched in 2008 for over 11,200 benefit-eligible Sentara Healthcare employees in Virginia and North Carolina. Sentara Healthcare said that it partnered with Optima Health, as its insurance carrier, to help manage employee health costs.

Nearly 80 percent of employees participated in the program, which demonstrated significant clinical improvements in risk factors such as cholesterol, blood pressure, body mass index (BMI), exercise and tobacco use.

"The most important outcome of the wellness program for Optima Health is the difference it has made in people's lives," comments Dudley.

Sentara Healthcare Senior Vice President for Human Resources Michael Taylor says Sentara Healthcare leaders didn't want to continue increasing employee co-pays and premiums, so they sought another solution. Realizing that 20 percent of employees were producing 80 percent of healthcare costs, Sentara leaders believed they could significantly cut costs if employees were encouraged to better manage their chronic diseases.

"The biggest challenge is keeping people engaged," says Optima Health Vice President of Clinical Care Services Karen Bray, PhD, RN, who was central in the program design. While Sentara, like an estimated 86 percent of the country's employers, offered a wellness program in the past, it achieved only modest success through nominal rewards to employees. Much larger incentives were provided through Mission: Health to motivate employees.

Employees were asked to complete a voluntary personal health profile (PHP) that measured risk factors. Those with low risk factors were immediately awarded a $500+ annual premium reduction. Those with two or more risk factors could earn the incentive by working with a health coach. Those who declined to participate forfeited the discounts.

Employees with targeted chronic diseases such as diabetes, coronary artery disease or congestive heart failure or who were pregnant were eligible for additional incentives if they worked with disease managers who monitored their medication, medical check-ups and other crucial health activity. Those employees earned an additional $460 per year.

Bray predicts the cost savings are likely to continue for the next three to five years and then reach a plateau where costs will remain relatively flat. At that point, the program will keep costs from increasing, she says.

Sentara Healthcare, based in Norfolk, Virginia, is a not-for-profit system in Virginia and North Carolina.

Optima Health offers a suite of commercial products including consumer directed, employee-owned and employer-sponsored plans; individual health plans; employee assistance programs; and plans serving Medicare and Medicaid enrollees and features a provider network of 21,000 providers.

((Comments on this story may be sent to health@closeupmedia.com))

Document HEALBE0020101025e6ap0005l




UPDATE: Anglo American 3Q Output Mixed; Platinum On Target

504 words
21 October 2010
07:08 PM
Dow Jones Business News
DJON
English
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

(Adds details, updated share price)


 
   By Alex MacDonald 
   Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
 

LONDON -(Dow Jones)- Global diversified miner Anglo American PLC (AAL.LN) Thursday reported mixed third-quarter production results and said it expects to achieve its full-year refined platinum target.

Iron ore production for the three months to Sept. 30 was broadly flat on-year at 11.8 million metric tons, although export sales dropped 12% partly due to three South African railroad derailments during the quarter.

Anglo's copper production fell 9% to 153,400 tons, mainly due to expected lower grades, ore hardness and scheduled maintenance at the Chilean Los Bronces mine.

The miner's iron ore and manganese division accounted for 23% of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or Ebitda, in 2009. Coal was 23% of Ebitda and base metals, which includes copper, was about 33%.

Output for thermal coal used in power stations dropped 2% to 22.2 million tons, compared with the same quarter a year ago, partly due to lower Australian demand, adverse geological conditions in South Africa and above-average rain in Colombia.

But Anglo's Australian metallurgical coal output, which is used in steelmaking, rose 26% to 3.97 million tons and exports of the same product rose 32%.

Despite the lower thermal coal output, Anglo exported more thermal and metallurgical coal in the third quarter than a year ago earlier, and managed to achieve a 26% and 65% rise respectively in export prices due to strong demand in emerging markets such as China, entry into new markets for thermal coal and lower amount of fixed-price thermal coal sales.

The miner's subsidiary Anglo Platinum Ltd. (AMS.JO) boosted output 11% on-year and 26% on-quarter to 697,000 troy ounces, largely driven by higher output from its own mines, notably Mogalakwena, Thembelani and Tumela. The company is confident it will be able to achieve its full year platinum target of 2.5 million ounces, it said.

Anglo's share of diamond output from De Beers SA was meanwhile up 15% to 9 million carats due to strong demand in advance of the Thanksgiving, Diwali and Christmas seasons. Anglo owns 45% of the gemstone miner.

Platinum and diamond contributed 10% and 3% of Ebitda respectively in 2009.

Nickel output rose 16% to 5,700 tons compared with the same quarter a year ago, due to a furnace issue which affected output. The company said its 36,000 tons-a-year Barro Alto nickel project, which will more than double the company's total nickel production, was 98% complete at the end of September and is on schedule to start production in the first quarter 2011.

At 0749 GMT, Anglo American shares were up 54.5 pence, or 1.9%, at 2,924.50p a share, outperforming London's FTSE 100 stock index.

-By Alex MacDonald, Dow Jones Newswires; 44 20 7842 9328; alex.macdonald@dowjones.com [ 10-21-10 0408ET ]

Document DJON000020101021e6al0003g


MY BEAUTIFUL WRAP: Simple solutions

504 words
21 October 2010
Money Marketing (Online Content)
MOMAOC
44
English
© Centaur Communications Limited or its licensors 2010          

When we met with the Parmenion team in Bath, the sun finally came out for us. We had been aggregating client investments onto the Skandia platform and were happy with the product and the personal service but in 2007 doubts started to creep in about actively managed funds.

We were surprised by some of the underlying holdings and frustrated by widely varying performance. We could not control the asset allocation or risk for clients, nor identify in advance the small proportion of funds that would outperform each year. The defining moment, however, was when we considered the effect of portfolio turnover. This was an astonishing revelation and, in a lowreturn environment, the real investment cost was simply unacceptable. We therefore started two years of research into passive funds. The market for index-tracking funds was developing so ultimately we decided to construct portfolios using this approach to include Dimensional funds.

At that time, Skandia could not offer us the fund range that we wanted, nor could we access institutional funds. They did, however, facilitate our exit in the professional manner we had come to expect from them.

We started to explore the market. Some providers were close but not quite there but we did trial the market leaders and thought we had solved the problem when we linked up with an award winning insurer. Sadly, this relationship was beset with difficulties and the software proved to be unwieldy. My colleagues became exasperated with the additional burden of verifying every detail and we quickly became disappointed.

Then we heard of Parmenion, a discretionary manager. We met with Mark Bonehill, who demonstrated a startlingly simple, yet perfectly organised software system. In a world where trust and integrity have not been the defining words, we felt that Parmenion were sincere in their willingness to meet our requirements. They are independent, with a highly experienced team.

We completed our due diligence and Parmenion worked with us to create a bespoke online capability, within which we could build our own portfolios.

In May 2009, we started to move clients across to their platform. The process has gone extremely smoothly and the administration and communication is first class. Like us, Parmenion has the capability to make changes quickly to improve client outcomes. It is a true partnership and we value their commitment to efficiency and high levels of service.

We have chosen a particular investment route but Parmenion can tailor solutions across a wide range of investment styles and propositions. Their charges are flexible and very competitive. Critically, firms are not shoehorned into a standard offering which has to be the case with bigger platforms.

We are now able to provide a wealth management service at half the previous cost to clients and we have regained control over risk. Our clients are happy and so are we. I am just a little bit sorry that we could not keep Parmenion a secret for ourselves.

Joss Harwood chartered and certified Financial Planner at Eldon Financial Planning

Document MOMAOC0020101022e6al00026




BASE METALS HIGHLIGHTS: Top Stories Of The Day

504 words
21 October 2010
01:14 AM
Dow Jones Commodities Service
DJCS
English
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      


 
 TOP STORIES: 
 
UAE's Emirates Aluminium Plans $1B Bond Next Year - CEO 

LONDON (Zawya Dow Jones)--Emirates Aluminium, or Emal, a joint venture between Abu Dhabi's Mubadala Development Co. and Dubai Aluminum Co., plans to sell more than $1 billion of bonds and secure about $700 million of export credit financing in 2011 to finance the expansion of its smelter, the company's chief executive officer said Wednesday.


 
 STORIES OF INTEREST: 
 
Hindustan Zinc Net Profit, Sales Rise On Higher Prices, Output 

MUMBAI (Dow Jones)--India's Hindustan Zinc Ltd. (500188.BY) Wednesday said its net profit in the fiscal second quarter rose 1.5% to INR9.49 billion from INR9.35 billion a year earlier on higher product prices and increased production.


 
Polymetal Agrees To Buy 85% Of East Tarutin Field 

MOSCOW (Dow Jones)--Russian precious metals miner OAO Polymetal (PMTL.RS) has agreed to buy 85% of copper and gold field East Tarutin from the Kazakh state company Tobol, the company said Wednesday.


 
WBMS: World Lead Market In 16,300-ton Surplus January-August 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--The global lead market was in surplus by 16,300 metric tons in January-August this year, the World Bureau of Metal Statistics said Wednesday.


 
WBMS: World Zinc Market In 253,000-ton Surplus January-August 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--The global zinc market was in a 253,000-metric-ton surplus between January and August this year, the World Bureau of Metal Statistics said Wednesday.


 
WBMS: Global Copper Market In 161,000-ton Deficit January-August 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--The global copper market was in deficit by 161,000 metric tons in the first eight months of 2010, compared with a small surplus in the same period of 2009, the World Bureau of Metal Statistics said Wednesday.


 
WBMS: World Nickel Market In 63,000-ton Deficit January-August 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--The global nickel market was in a 63,000-metric-ton deficit between January and August this year, the World Bureau of Metal Statistics said Wednesday.


 
WBMS: Global Aluminum Market In 434,000-ton Surplus January-August 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--The global aluminum market was in surplus by 434,000 metric tons between January and August, down from a large surplus in the same period last year, the World Bureau of Metal Statistics said Wednesday.


 
WBMS: World Tin Market In 10,900-ton Deficit January-August 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--The world tin market was in a 10,900-metric-ton deficit between January and August this year, the World Bureau of Metal Statistics said Wednesday.


 
 MARKETS: 
 
BASE METALS: LME Metals Mostly Higher, Supported By Firm Euro 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--Base metals are trading mostly higher on the London Metal Exchange Wednesday, supported by a firmer euro, but market participants said China's surprise decision to lift rates is continuing to weigh on the markets.

By Iman Dawoud; Dow Jones Newswires; +44 207 842 9374; iman.dawoud@dowjones.com [ 10-20-10 1014ET ]

61063 82202

Document DJCS000020101020e6ak000a9




MarketWatch First Take
News & Commentary
Fueling a food spike; Commentary: Turning a poor corn crop into a speculative boom

MarketWatch      
504 words
9 October 2010
08:51 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2010 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved.      

SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) - There's crop rotation and there's cash rotation. Sometimes the two merge. They did Friday.

For several weeks, there's been a growing bet in the futures market on shortcomings in this year's grain harvest. The government warned last month of a poor corn corp. This made commodities an intriguing next stop for anyone contemplating moving recent profits from equities or currencies markets into something else. And it's not like they're rushing into low-yield treasuries.

While the migration has been underway for a while, lots of people still on the fence got the call to action Friday from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which cut its estimated yields on the nation's corn crop by 4%. A downward revision, especially so late in the harvest season, carries a lot of weight. It ignited a 30-cent limit-up day for corn futures on the Chicago Board of Trade, pushing up the December contract a whopping 6% to $5.28 a bushel - nearly a two-year high. Read more about corn futures' rally.

Fever in the grain trading pits raced into the equities market, driving up shares of fertilizer companies. It's a simplistic move and can be deceptive, but it's the same knee-jerk reaction seen among homeowners. When the lawn goes brown, dump more fertilizer on it, right? Read about soaring fertilizer stocks.

The ag-driven buying spree even caught up with Deere & Co.   on the assumption that lower crop yields mean higher prices. Higher prices mean bigger profits. And that, of course, means farmers will have more money to spend on new tractors.

If only it were that simple.

While the basic investment strategy is not flawed, it gets distorted the minute speculative dollars start pouring out of other markets into the ag sector. This, in turn, inflates farmers' estimates of the value of their own crops, and farmers have a long history of Klondike-like behavior lurking beneath their unflappable, salt-of-the-earth exteriors. Let's face it. Farming is gambling. How else do you explain putting so much work into something that can be wiped out by either a heavy rain or a bumper crop?

Futures contracts and government subsidies are supposed to smooth out some of the bumps in the ag business. But they can also deceive. Toss a bunch of speculative dollars into the mix and discovering the true value of a crop gets really complicated. Just ask anyone trying to calculate feed costs for their cattle, pigs or chickens.

A quick glance at Tyson Foods Inc.  stock - down roughly 8% following the Agriculture Department report - and you'll see what kind of impact this has as it ripples through the food chain on its way to the weekly grocery bill.

-Jim Jelter 

Agriculture Department crop report feeds speculative rotation into commodities, writes Jim Jelter.

Document MRKWC00020101008e6a800439




Guardian Money Pages
Money: When car hire stalls: Locked out: the customer and the closed car depot

Miles Brignall        
504 words
25 September 2010
The Guardian
GRDN
7
English
© Copyright 2010.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved.        

Kate Williams (left) paid Hertz pounds 64 for a weekend rental so she and a friend could go to her brother's wedding. But on arriving at the hire company's depot in London's Park Royal, she was aghast. Padlocked, it had been closed for weeks.

No one at Hertz had contacted her about the closure, despite the company knowing her address, telephone number and email address. Standing outside the Park Royal depot's locked gates, a call to Hertz's main Dublin call centre revealed the outlet had been closed a month earlier.

Williams was instructed to ring the Hertz branch in nearby Finchley. It had no cars and put her on to the depot in Russell Square, central London. Staff at Hertz Finchley said they would warn Russell Square that the pair were on their way.

"We jumped on the tube, and headed into town. When we arrived, we learned that the staff at the Finchley branch had not rung this depot, but luckily for us they had a spare car. However, I had to go through the whole booking process again and was given a receipt for an estimated rental cost of pounds 207.45, which was blocked on my card."

The several hours' delay meant the pair got stuck in heavy traffic leaving London, and they missed an important family meeting on the eve of the wedding, which took place last month. They also had to return the car to the same depot, at huge inconvenience. She says she had only made the original Hertz booking - back in January - because the Park Royal depot was 10 minutes from her Willesden home.

"It was very annoying and I am astonished that a company the size of Hertz could close a depot without telling the customers who had bookings and were relying on picking up cars there. The company had my details and yet couldn't be bothered to contact me. When I got back, I complained. The company has altered the payments to the extent we have now paid the pounds 64 originally expected. However, they have not reimbursed the pounds 20 extra costs (tube and petrol) we incurred as a result, never mind paying something for all the inconvenience of having to go in and out of central London."

In a statement, Hertz said: "We have a comprehensive continuity plan to ensure customers with existing reservations are serviced should we need to shut or move a branch operations to another location, but we clearly let down Ms Williams on this occasion. We are conducting a full investigation into this, and our initial findings would appear that this was a case of human error. We have telephoned Ms Williams and conveyed our sincerest apologies. By way of apology we are also refunding her the cost of her car rental and expenses, and have sent her a bouquet of flowers."

Miles Brignall

Document GRDN000020100926e69p00079




Giving credit where it's due

504 words
5 September 2010
New Zealand Herald
NZHLD
English
(c) 2010 The New Zealand Herald        

More transparency may be fairer on borrowers, writes Maria Slade.

YOU HAVE kept up with your mortgage diligently during the past two years, maybe even paying off more than you have to.

Or perhaps you miscalculated one month and were late with the car payment.

This is the kind of information the credit industry argues could give them a better picture of your creditworthiness.

The suggestion is being made in submissions to the Privacy Commissioner, who is reviewing whether credit providers should have more access to your personal data.

Even the Federation of Family Budgeting Services believes credit agencies and financiers should be able to find out more about your habits in the two years prior to giving you a loan.

Lenders and credit bureaux now only have access to a limited amount of ``negative'' information - such as whether you've been bankrupted or defaulted on bills.

The Office of the Privacy Commissioner is considering a move to ``positive'' credit reporting - whereby lenders could know what types of credit you have, who the provider is, the limit, and whether the account is open or closed.

But many in the credit industry are calling for the changes to go further. They say lenders should also be able to see how much has been advanced on the account - your credit card limit may be $10,000 but your current balance is $5000 - and whether you have met all your payments during the past two years.

Federation of Family Budgeting Services CEO Raewyn Fox said this kind of information would give credit providers a better picture, possibly enabling the borrower to qualify for a higher quality loan.

``We're just coming from the point of view of people we don't want pushed into the arms of fringe lenders. You have one stuff up and you have a bad credit rating forever and a day.''

John Roberts, country manager for credit bureau Veda Advantage, said knowing the credit limit alone was little value. Lenders also needed the person's payment track record. ``If someone's had a history of missing payments, again that is very predictive of likely risk.''

In its submission to the Privacy Commissioner, finance company GE Money said the number of people being declared bankrupt or approved for the brankruptcy alternative, the No Asset Procedure regime had been on the rise.

``Increasingly borrowers are becoming indebted to multiple credit providers, with the practical result that each provider sees only a small portion of the borrower's complete financial circumstances.''

It calculates the ``negative'' credit reporting system gives only a 10 per cent picture of a person's true credit risk. The changes proposed so far would provide an additional 20 per cent, it said. Including current account balances and 24 months' payment history would boost that to 50 per cent.

``There is empirical evidence from a number of countries that ... positive reporting leads to significantly reduced default rates,'' GE said.

-maria.slade@hos.co.nz

credit reporting

Document NZHLD00020100904e69500026




FundWatch
Personal Finance
Sentiment improves towards Europe, survey shows

Sarah Turner, MarketWatch      
MarketWatch; sturner@marketwatch.com; Sarah Turner is a markets reporter for MarketWatch in London.
504 words
17 August 2010
11:45 PM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2010 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved.      

LONDON (MarketWatch) -- Fund managers rotated out of U.S. and Japanese assets and into European assets during August, according to the latest survey of asset allocators by Bank of America's Merrill Lynch's unit.

A total of 187 asset allocators managing $513 billion in assets participated in the survey, which ran from Aug. 6 to Aug. 12.

A net 14% of fund managers participating in the survey were underweight the U.S. in August, which it said was the lowest reading since January 2008. It's also a contrast to July, when 7% of allocators were overweight the U.S.

Exposure to Japanese financial assets also fell, with a net 27% of managers underweight the region, compared to 11% who said they were underweight in July's survey.

This means that Japan is the least favored region for investors, the survey said.

In currencies, Japan's yen has now reached the highest overvalued conviction level ever seen in the survey, the survey noted, with a net 62% regarding the currency as overvalued, up from 55% in July. Last week, the yen reached a 15-year high against the U.S. dollar.

"Worries have moved on to the U.S. and Japan which now both are significant underweights," the survey said.

However, overall sentiment toward the world economy has improved, the survey showed, with a net 5% of investors now expecting stronger global growth in the next 12 months and 78% not anticipating another recession, the survey noted.

There was "a big rotation" into Europe, the survey showed, with a net 11% of asset allocators overweight.

This is the first month that investors were overweight euro-zone equities since November 2009. Three months ago, when worries about the future of the region were at their peak, 34% of managers were underweight Europe.

"Investor sentiment on Europe has staged a remarkable recovery in the past few months, underpinned by greater optimism about Europe's banks. Economic data now has to continue to support this shift," said Gary Baker, head of European equity strategy at Bank of AmericaMerrill Lynch.

U.K. assets also found a bit of favor, as investors cut their underweight on the region to 2% from 15% in July. This is the most positive reading on the U.K. since May 2007, according the survey.

In addition, a net 19 percent of participants expect the Chinese economy to weaken over the next year, compared to 39% taking this view in July.

"This improved sentiment was supported by a shift towards commodities" according to the survey with 9% of managers overweight commodities in August, compared to a net 1% in July.

Fund managers have been rotating out of U.S. and Japanese assets and into European assets during August, according to the latest survey of asset allocators by Bank of America's Merrill Lynch's unit.

Document MRKWC00020100817e68h001up




Business
When it's time to pick a mutual fund, don't get starry-eyed - consider fees first ; mark jewell

504 words
12 August 2010
The Boston Globe
BSTNGB
B.10
English
© 2010 New York Times Company.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.    All Rights Reserved.    

A new study reinforces time-tested advice for investors shopping for mutual funds: Look first for funds with low fees, then go from there.

Fund expenses are a slightly more important factor in predicting how well a fund will perform than the one- to five-star system Morningstar Inc. uses to rate funds, the company said in a study it published this week.

Comparisons of fund fees and star ratings "have demonstrated they're both useful tools for getting the odds in your favor, and they're very good starting points for investors," said John Rekenthaler, who helped produce the study and is vice president of research at Chicago-based Morningstar.

The star ratings are widely used to sort good funds from bad, and many fund companies run ads touting their funds' five-star ratings. Other research firms provide less commonly used ratings that follow different methodology.

Morningstar's star system measures a fund's past performance while weighing how much risk a fund took to achieve its returns. For example, a fund that produced far better than average results over 10 years won't necessarily secure a top rating if its performance was unusually volatile.

The star ratings "are a summary of what has occurred in the past, and an introduction to a fund," Rekenthaler said.

Funds charging lower fees than most of their peers are far more likely to get higher star ratings from Morningstar than pricier ones, he noted.

In 58 percent of the instances Morningstar studied, expenses were a better predictor of success than a fund's star rating. Expenses were a bigger factor in 23 of 40 cases comparing data starting in 2005 and ending in March 2010.

Morningstar defined a fund's success as the ability to outperform similar funds in the same investment category, and survive during the period studied, rather than being shut down. That's important because performance comparisons can be skewed if they leave out funds that cease operations, often because they didn't perform well.

The easiest way to compare fees is to consider a fund's expense ratio - the ongoing charges that investors pay, expressed as a percentage of assets - against the expenses that similar funds charge. For example, expenses at an emerging markets stock fund are likely to be higher than those of a Standard &Poor's 500 index fund.

The study concluded that investors should make expense ratios a primary test in fund selection, because they are still the most dependable predictor of performance.

The research expands on other independent studies that underscore the importance of considering expenses, which are a definite and easily measured drag on future returns. The reality is few funds can sustain periods of strong performance for more than a couple years, as fickle markets change direction and the fund reverts to being an also-ran.

Mark Jewell writes for the Associated Press.

12jewell.ART

Document BSTNGB0020100812e68c0002q




News
DULLSVILLE, CONN. SO, HEDGE FUNDERS, IS A TAX CUT WORTH THIS???

ANNIE KARNI        
504 words
8 August 2010
New York Post
NYPO
18
English
(c) 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.        

GREENWICH, Conn. - It's 10:30 on a Thursday night, and Jackie Calagna and Ariel Keiser, both 18, are smoking away the hours under the harsh patio lights of BarcelonaWine Bar.

Connecticut Gov. Jodi Rell has been spending the summer talking up Greenwich as a tax oasis for New York hedge funders, a wonderland of low-cost living and high-end nightlife. Calagna has a different take.

"It's a cougar den in there," she warns, nodding to the bar. "Just Greenwich housewives hitting on young guys. It's the pits.

There's nothing to do here.

I can't wait to leave." Mick Jagger's voice seeps out: "I Can't Get . . . No . . . Satisfaction."

While Albany shot down a $50 million tax on hedgefund managers who work in New York and live out of state, Rell says the benefits of moving to Connecticut remain. But no tax savings may be worth giving up New York City for this.

Signs of human life 60 miles from Manhattan are few and far between: A couple walks home carrying a pizza box, and a few teens loiter in the fluorescent glow of a Tory Burch marquee on the town's main boulevard, Greenwich Avenue.

"I don't know if nightlife is the word that comes to mind to describe what goes on here," admits bartender Pablo Bonelli, who works at the Ginger Man on Greenwich Avenue.

Because of Connecticut's puritanical liquor code, last call is at midnight.

Night owls are known to hail a $9 cab ride to Port Chester in Westchester County so they can booze and carouse for a few more hours.

On Thursday night, the Ginger Man, a pub with wood floors and a clubby Old English atmosphere, is almost abandoned by 10:30 p.m., with one lone drinker propped up on a bar stool.

A couple settling their dinner bill recommends the Sundown Saloon, which is half empty at 11 p.m., with a "crowd" watching baseball on TV.

"We've been coming here since high school," says Steve Vizzo, 37. "Nothing's really changed."

At 11:45 p.m., Barcelona, a k a "the cougar den," is the only bar in town with any crowd. Last call is in 15 minutes - but wait! There's a popular after-hours hangout, the locals whisper.

The hot spot turns out to be the candlelit office of the Greenwich Psychic, Janet Lee.

She charges $150 for a reading, and inebriated hedge funders and housewives are often lining up for advice - probably because there's nothing else left to do in town.

"People come to me and ask me what they should invest in," said Lee. "Most of my clients are Wall Street guys who are going through a lot of issues right now." 

GREENWICH . . . IT'S NO VILLAGE: Jackie Calagna (below right) and Ariel Keiser say local nightlife's as sleepy as the Ginger Man (above). (Catherine Nance)        

Document NYPO000020100810e68800034


Gadfly

By Mike Amos      
504 words
14 July 2010
The Northern Echo
NRCO
18
English
(c) 2010 North of England Newspapers.      

IT'S really to draw attention to an entry on the BBC's "Top stories" website - "Humans' early arrival in Britain - about two hours ago" - that David Kelly emails from Mickleton, in Teesdale.

After a visit to the Nuffield Hospital in Stockton, however, he also joins those puzzled by the rampant proliferation of the prefix "pre-" - the prebooked restaurant table, the pre-existing condition, the pre-planned operation.

At the Nuffield they offer pre-assessment. So how does that work, then?

PERHAPS because of all the preassessment checks they undergo, last week's column reported a Methodist Recorder survey that Methodists live between seven and nine years longer than the rest of us.

Ian Andrew in Lanchester, himself a Methodist local preacher, begs leave to doubt it. "The people whose passing is announced in the Recorder are unlikely to be an accurate representation of overall Methodist death rates."

Writing gently to point out that Virgin no longer operates Cross Country train services from the North-East, Allan McLean - communications manager for the company's Scottish and other northern operations - also reports that he attended a dinner last week in honour of Bill Cameron, one of those chiefly behind the 1980s campaign to save the Settle and Carlisle line.

Bill's 83, still an active Carlisle city councillor. "It will not in the least surprise you, " says Allan, "to learn that he is a Methodist."

ALSO crossing the Cumberland gap, Charles Allenby, from Malton, discovers in the graveyard of St Cuthbert's church Lorton, near Cockermouth, the tomb of Peter Robinson - "for upwards of 58 years a Methodist local preacher in the district". Born in November 1780, Robinson was 87 - a remarkable age back then, even for a pioneering Methodist - when he died in July 1868. His epitaph's memorable:

Ofno distemper, by no blast, he died, But fell like autumn fruit that mellowed long;

Even wondered at because he dropped no sooner;

He seemed to be wound-up for fourscore years Yet freshly ran he on eight winters more Till, like a clock worn out with rating time, The weary wheels of life at last stood still:

He died as he had lived - a holy happy man.

ONCE bitten, the column two weeks ago talked - again ? about midges. That weekend a horse called Dangerous Midge won - flew in - at 17-2 at Haydock. The faithful Martin Birtle, him again, won a considerable sum.

Thus encouraged, Martin studied Wednesday's column and Saturday's racecards simultaneously.

Though Reverence finished on its knees in the 3.20 at Chester - almost inevitably we'd touched upon church matters - we'd also talked about the American "spy station" at Menwith Hill, near Harrogate.

A 12-1 shot, Waveband beamed home in the 4.05 at Ascot, beating the odds-on favourite by six lengths with Martin's fortunes again riding on it its back.

Peer pressure, he's now hoping for a hat-trick - commoners clarts, we may have more of that next week.

Document NRCO000020100714e67e0000h




Daily Main Book - Property
'Our lender's report is less than the price we've offered. What can we do about it?'

Sam Dunn        
504 words
2 July 2010
The Independent
IND
1ST
50,51
English
(c) 2010 Independent & Media PLC        

Property | HOUSE DOCTOR

QUESTION: We've made a first-time offer on a flat in Leeds but our lender's surveyor report says it is worth £25,000 less than the £215,000 we agreed with the vendors. What do we do? Can we back out or should we reduce our offer? They're pretty eager to sell. We'd like to buy it but aren't sure what we can do. Any advice gratefully accepted.

PD, Leeds

ANSWER: The adage that a property is only worth what somebody is actually prepared to pay for it holds true - but it does help if you've got your lender on side.

You may well be happy to pay £215,000, and if you were a cash buyer able to pay upfront you'd already be the owner.

However, with a bank or building society on board to help you fund your purchase, their opinion matters rather a lot.

A significant so-called "down valuation" will affect the size of mortgage it's prepared to advance you, warns Melanie Bien of broker Private Finance.

"If you're aiming to borrow 90 per cent of the £215,000 cost, your mortgage would be £193,500," she says. "But with the lender's new £190,000 valuation, the maximum you could borrow would be £171,000 - leaving you to find the £22,500 difference."

While the surveyor's report has thrown a spanner in the works, all is not lost. Assuming you don't have a huge savings cash pile you can tap into to make up the shortfall, you've a choice: challenge the valuation or negotiate with the vendor to lower the price and resolve the matter.

"Don't necessarily assume the valuer's report is spot on - put the onus back on the agent," says Andy Montlake at Coreco.

"If they're selling the flat at £215,000, they should be able to provide comparable evidence of similar properties selling at that amount. If they can provide this to the lender, the valuer may re-consider."

If that fails, you can also ask for a more senior surveyor to review the original valuation: however, there's no guarantee of success and it will cost you more.

This route will certainly show the vendor that you mean business but, says David Hollingworth at broker London & Country, haggling may solve the problem much more quickly - and save you thousands.

The vendor may argue that the valuation is too severe, he adds, "but in the current market you as the buyer hold more of the cards and so you should certainly look to strike a deal and not pay over the odds."

Start by being frank with the seller: explain the problem, stressing that down valuations are common in today's market, and outline the revaluation options above.

housedoctor@independent.co.uk

Document IND0000020100702e67200029




Guardian Money Pages
Money: What the budget means for you: Glastonbury sees the light: Energy Bank will move in when music fans go home, writes Rupert Jones

Rupert Jones        
504 words
26 June 2010
The Guardian
GRDN
8
English
© Copyright 2010.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved.        

This weekend Michael Eavis's farm is playing host to Europe's biggest music festival, but when the 175,000 Glastonbury revellers have gone home and the stages have been dismantled work will start on a major solar-power project financed by an ethical bank's savers.

Bristol-based Triodos Bank has granted a pounds 500,000 loan to Eavis's Worthy Farm, home to the festival, to help pay for the installation of what will be Britain's biggest solar roof. The bank says it is a good example of the type of green project that savers who put their cash in its climate change bonds (which pay interest of up to 3.25%) are supporting.

The solar-panel system will be on the roof of the "Mootel" - the barns that are home to the farm's herd while the festival is on. On a sunny day, it is expected the 1,100 panels will generate around 200kW (kilowatts) of power.

That is enough to power about 40 houses, though it is estimated the farm will consume about 80% of what is produced, says a Triodos Bank spokesman. The project is costing pounds 550,000, with Eavis (below) providing pounds 50,000, and the rest being financed by the loan. Work is due to start in early August.

Eavis has said he wants the farm, and the festival, "to be as green as they can be", and the solar panels will make a huge contribution towards that aim.

Triodos is different from most banks and building societies in that it guarantees that people's savings cash will only be used to finance businesses and charities that benefit people and the environment. In total, it has 36,500 customers in the UK.

Triodos's climate change bonds are savings bonds where money is tied up for two, three or five years. They pay gross interest of 2%, 2.75% and 3.25% respectively. These are decent rates, though ICICI Bank UK is offering 4.15% on a three-year fixed-rate bond and 5% on a five-year bond. However, some savers may take the view they would prefer to deal with an ethical bank.

The spokesman says a customer who puts just pounds 2,679 into one of its climate change bonds is effectively financing the creation of enough renewable energy for one average UK home for the next 20 years.

"And because we publish details of all the organisations we lend to, savers can see what their money's supporting at triodos.co.uk/knowwhereyourmoneygoes/," he adds.

The minimum investment is pounds 500 and the maximum pounds 50,000, and it can be managed online or by post. Be aware that no early closure or withdrawals are allowed, so this is not an account for money you are likely to want to access.

Document GRDN000020100625e66q000cw




FINANCE
Posh tent concept is perfectly pitched

Maisha Frost      
504 words
5 May 2010
The Daily Express
THEEXP
46
English
(c) 2010 Express Newspapers      

YOUR MONEY

Teepee firm has the pow-wow factor among celebrities and royals, writes Maisha Frost

ENTREPRENEUR Jon Parr is out canvassing hard this week as he enters his busiest season yet hiring and selling eye-catching tents.

Over five years Parr has staked his claim in the UK's growing "posh tents" sector by importing teepees - the distinctive spruce wood and canvas structures that are the traditional homes of nomadic peoples in Lapland.

The construction and ventilation allow for open fires, so guests get an exotic and communal experience which has gone down a storm here in Britain.

Parr, 44, caters for a variety of different markets from weddings and private parties, to festivals and corporate events.

To cater for large numbers, several Giant Hat teepees - 13 metres across when the sides are fully opened - can be linked to form a hospitality area. Although he is suitably tight-lipped about the Stunning Tents Company's clientele, it is sprinkled with celebrities, including young royals, supermodel Kate Moss and pop star Robbie Williams.

"The desire to be different is very important, " says Parr, who formerly worked in IT consultancy. "People want their event to stand out and our tents do that. We've succeeded in our objective to get teepees accepted as a mainstream alternative to marquees."

A steady 25 per cent growth rate led to an £800,000 turnover last year.

"Companies see events as a good way to publicise their business and we have benefited from the popularity of live music festivals, too, " Parr continues.

This is Parr's first enterprise, which he runs with wife Suzanne, 42. For years he toyed with becoming an entrepreneur, "but my high salary muted my incentive".

But then he went to a storytelling festival on Dartmoor, hosted in a teepee, and saw how well the setting went down with the audience.

"I could see the possibilities for hiring one out, " he recalls.

"I found a company in north Sweden making them, we did all the research online. Then they came over to a trade show and I bought a couple.

"It just rocketed from there.

The best move I made was striking a sole distributor deal for their products in the UK.

"After 12 months I had orders and six Giant Hats. My plan to use my garage for storage didn't last long, and now we have warehousing, our own site, vehicles and crew."

Parr, based in Reading, Berkshire, has eight full-time staff on the payroll and 24 casual workers. Although profits now fund the business, he reckons it has taken up to £750,000 to develop Stunning Tents.

So what will Parr be hoping for from the outcome of tomorow's General Election?

"An improvement in sterling and the exchange rate, " he declares. "As importers we've been hit hard. But our biggest fear is a VAT rise, that's the worst nightmare."

¬ The Stunning Tents Company: 01256 882114, www.stunningtents.co.uk

Document THEEXP0020100505e6550004p




WSJ: Illinois High Court: Nonprofit Hospital Can Be Taxed

By Suzanne Sataline      
Of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
504 words
19 March 2010
06:26 AM
Dow Jones News Service
DJ
English
(c) 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

An Illinois Catholic medical center isn't a charitable enterprise and must pay property taxes, the state's highest court ruled Thursday in a case that has been closely watched by hospitals nationwide.

The Illinois Supreme Court ruled 3-2 that the state was correct when it decided in 2002 that the charity care provided by Provena Covenant Medical Center in Urbana was too paltry to permit the nonprofit to qualify for a tax exemption. The court also ruled that the hospital, run by three Catholic religious orders, didn't qualify for a religious exemption.

(This story and related background material will be available on The Wall Street Journal Web site, WSJ.com.)

"Provena Hospitals," the justices wrote, "failed to show by clear and convincing evidence that it...dispensed charity to all who needed it and applied for [it]."

Provena officials expressed disappointment and said in a statement: "Our goal is to carry on in our charitable works, despite the fact that this ruling restricts our ability to do so."

Nonprofit hospitals around the country have anxiously awaited the decision, worried that it might encourage other counties and states to tax their institutions. John Colombo, a law professor at the University of Illinois in Urbana Champaign, said he didn't think the case would carry much weight. Only three of the justices ruled on procedural grounds, two partly dissented and two recused themselves for unspecified reasons

"That's not a majority of the court," Mr. Colombo said. "Its national impact is going to be muted because there is not a majority opinion on the substantive grounds as to why Provena lost."

States and counties have historically waived taxes for nonprofits such as hospitals and religious enterprises, citing the beneficial work they provide a community. Some government entities in recent years, though, have taking a harder position, taxing part of some medical centers and universities when the work is deemed to be mainly commercial or not a public benefit.

The hospital's lawyers had argued that Provena, which owns and operates six hospitals, provided a charitable service, which, by state law, is exempt from taxes. But Provena, the court found, believed that its charity-care program should be the payer of last resort and used collections agencies and lawsuits to get paid. The three justices found that the hospital waived just $831,000, or 0.7% of its revenue in 2002, less than the $1.1 million in tax benefits it stood to receive.

The court also cited Provena's small charity care pool: In 2002, just 302 of Provena's 10,000 inpatient and 100,000 of its outpatient admissions received reduced fees through the hospital's charitable-care program.

Dan Welch, Champaign County treasurer, said that Provena owes the county an estimated $8.8 million, including interest.

-By Suzanne Sataline, The Wall Street Journal; 212/416-2527; suzanne.sataline@wsj.com [ 03-18-10 1632ET ]

Document DJ00000020100318e63i000n7




Spending
Grown-Up Spring Break Spots

By Kelli B. Grant      
504 words
3 March 2010
04:01 PM
SmartMoney.com
SMRTO
English
© 2010 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Plane tickets might cost more this year, but if you're flexible on days (and not too picky about destinations), there are both spring break hotel bargains to be had - and strategies to avoid partying college students.

Airfare for between Feb. 28 and March 31 is up 9% this spring, to an average of $349, while hotels are down 15%, reports Bing Travel, Microsoft's travel search site. What does that mean for you? Think: travel jujitsu. "College students tend to go to the same places every year -- Cancun, Palm Springs, South Beach," says Erik Torkells, the editor of travel review site TripAdvisor.com. "They like to stay where all the action is." For grown-ups, that might mean considering the Big Apple, where vacancies have brought down the prices on three and four star properties. Or a more family-oriented area, like Orlando. If you're really set on the beach, you could have to shell out for a high-end resort students can't afford, or head for hotels and vacation rentals at smaller towns nearby.

Here are three destinations for a bargain Spring Break:

1) Hawaii

Putting aside the recent tsunami scare, Hawaii is still a budget-buster for most college students because of the long-haul flight. But with peak travel season extending through April, there will be bargains - and crowds, says Barbara Messing, the vice president for deal-tracking site Travel-Ticker.com. Outrigger and Ohana resorts, which operate 23 properties on four islands, have dropped rates by up to 65% for travel through April 30. Prices for a standard room at the Ohana Waikiki West start at $79 per night. East Coast residents may be priced out, though: Round-trip flights from Los Angeles start at about $500.

2) Orlando

College students take over many of Florida's beaches, but the theme parks remain the domain of families, says Ian Ford, the founder of travel deal site UndercoverTourist.com. If you can avoid traveling in late March, early April over Easter weekend, there are deals on park properties, too. Disneycut room prices by 25% to 40% through March 27, and then starting up again April 11. You'll pay as little as $79 for a standard room. Round-trip flights from New York start at $175.

3) New York

New York came in third on student travel site StudentUniverse.com's tally of top spring break destinations, based on the number of flights booked. Tourists are unlikely to notice the influx, however, Torkells says. "If students come to New York, the city absorbs them," he says. "There isn't critical mass." Expedia.com currently has discounts ranging from 20% to 40% on three- and four-star New York properties. A deluxe king room at The Alex costs as little as $209 per night instead of $349 (a 40% discount), while a superior king room at the Park Central New York Hotel is $179 instead of $239 (25%).

Document SMRTO00020110419e633001rg




Should I use lump sum to pay off mortgage or save for children's studies?

Virginia Wallis        
guardian.co.uk
504 words
25 February 2010
Guardian Unlimited
GRULTD
English
Guardian Unlimited © Guardian Newspapers Limited 2010. All rights reserved        

Ask the experts: Should I use my inheritance to pay off my mortgage or save for my children's university years?

Q I am in my 50s, semi-retired, with £70,000 outstanding on my repayment mortgage which will be paid off by 2017 at the latest (I am currently overpaying). I also have two children of 15 and 13 who will be hoping to go to university.

I am in the fortunate position of being about to inherit £60k later this year and wondered if I should repay my mortgage with the lump sum and use what would have been mortgage repayment money to save for university fees or would it be better to simply invest £30k each for the children now in a trust fund for their education? Or maybe half and half? If I did pay off the mortgage, what kind of product should I invest in? All the ISAs I currently have for them have nearly halved in value and I am reluctant to use them.

My husband and I will be earning (hopefully) for the next four years at least to pay the mortgage off but after that we will go onto pensions which, while relatively generous (half salary), will not allow us to subsidise our children's university education at that time. We need to save now. AT

A Because you are likely to be paying a higher rate of interest on your mortgage than on your savings, I would be tempted to use the £60,000 to help clear the loan and start building up a fund for your children.

Given the time scale involved, it is probably best to stick to low-risk investments where the value of the money you save will not fluctuate. So that means some form of cash savings. If you can commit to regular saving - which you should be able to do - you can earn pretty good rates of interest with the regular savings accounts from Nottingham, Principality, Stroud & Swindon and Buckinghamshire building societies. They pay 5%, 4.5%, 4.5% and 4.12% respectively. Alternatively, you could save in a cash ISA and/or the range of cash savings from National Savings & Investments.

It is also worth bearing in mind that when your children to go to university, paying their fees up front for them may not be the best thing to do. The fact that students can get heavily subsidised loans to pay their fees can mean that it is better to take the cheap loan to pay for fees. In addition, if you and your husband will be living on a much-reduced income by that children, the means test of parental income may mean that they qualify for a non-repayable grant. You can find out more in the student finance section of www.direct.gov.uk.

guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media 2010

Document GRULTD0020100225e62p00231




New Book by Chicago Tax and Estate Planning Attorneys Reveals Disastrous Tax Pitfalls ; Cut Your Tax in 2010, by Anthony Perrelli and Dean Hedeker, Exposes How Poor Tax and Estate Planning Forces Many of Us to Pay Thousands More Than the Law Requires

504 words
17 February 2010
04:36 AM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2010    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved.      

LINCOLNSHIRE, Ill. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - Cut Your Tax in 2010 (And Preserve Your Legacy) is released to major booksellers this week byNew Year Publishing. Cut Your Tax in 2010 (ISBN 978-1-9355470-5-1) provides the straight talk on how poor tax and retirement planning can cost your family dearly. The book is written by Chicago-area tax and estate planning attorneys Anthony R. Perrelli and Dean R. Hedeker.

"Cut Your Tax in 2010 isn't about cheating the system," explains Perrelli. "It's about avoiding mistakes on big taxes like estate and capital gains. Legacies are being lost by the second or third generation for no good reason."

Cut Your Tax in 2010 covers how:

Personal and business assets can be protected in four smart steps. Capital gains taxes can ruin a family's legacy. An estate plan can save your family more than taxes.

"Those working towards retirement have the most to gain with these insights," explains Hedeker. "The book offers a way to start a dialogue between your own parents, spouse, and children - so that you can begin to work together to secure your family's financial future."

The book tackles the current estate tax debacle in Congress as a major hot button for 2010. Hedeker and Perrelli point out that those with a decent amount of assets built up need to understand that:

The estate tax is currently scheduled to reappear in 2011, at only a $1 million exemption. Estates that escape a federal estate tax in 2010 may cause inheritors other tax headaches, particularly in capital gains taxes. Most states have their own estate or inheritance taxes. Illinois' estate tax kicks in at $2 million and that won't be changing anytime soon.

"People thought that no estate tax in 2010 would make this the 'year to die,'" says Perrelli. "But it can be a nightmare because estates less than $3.5 million are now subjected to capital gains taxes instead."

Cut Your Tax in 2010 is available atAmazon.comand other major booksellers. For more information about Cut Your Tax in 2010, visitwww.cutyourtaxbook.com.

Nationally-renowned estate and tax planning attorneys Dean R. Hedeker and Anthony R. Perrelli are partners at the law firm of Hedeker & Perrelli, Ltd., in suburban northeast Chicago. Hedeker is also a CPA, Registered Financial Consultant, and Fellow of the American Academy of Estate Planning Attorneys (AAEPA). He has co-authored three additional books on estate planning. Perrelli has an MBA and is also a member of the AAEPA. He has been a featured source for Money Magazine, WGN News, and WLS/Chicago. Learn more about Dean Hedeker and Anthony Perrelli atwww.cutyourtaxbook.com.

For Hedeker & Perrelli, Ltd. LuAnn Glowacz,                512-789-1471 LuAnn@WordCove.com      

Document BWR0000020100216e62g006py




Finance
YOUR MONEY BORROWING WATCH

504 words
25 January 2010
Daily Telegraph
DAITEL
1 - State
38
English
Copyright 2010 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved        

Mortgage Rates

KEY

AAA = Institution

BBB = Basic Rate

CCC = Intro Rate

DDD = Variable Rate

EEE = Monthly repay (variable)

FFF = 1 Yr

GGG = Fixed rate 2 Yr

HHH = Fixed rate 3 Yr

III = 5 Yr

JJJ = Home Equite Rate

KKK = Total Fees

AAA .................................. BBB ... CCC .... DDD ... EEE .......... FFF ........... GGG ... HHH ... III ........ JJJ ..... KKK

ANZ ................................... 5.96 ... - .......... 6.66 .... $1713.10 ... 6.50 ........... 7.34 .... 7.69 ... 8.04 .... 6.81 ... $600

Bananacoast Credit Union ... - ......... - .......... 6.25 ... $1649.17 .... 6.69 .......... 7.39 ..... 7.79 ... 8.14 .... 6.05 ... $395

BMC Mortgage Corp ........... - ......... - .......... 5.97 .... $1606.17 ... 6.75 ........... 7.45 .... 7.90 ... 8.60 .... 6.40 ... $660

Commonwealth Bank .......... 6.10 .... 5.58v ... 6.61 .... $1705.24 ... 6.64 ........... 7.34 .... 7.74 ... 8.04 .... 6.71 ... $600

CUA .................................. 5.94 .... 5.74v ... 6.12 .... $1629.14 ... 6.39 ........... 7.09 .... 7.19 ... 7.99 .... 6.37 ... $795

Homeloans Ltd ................... - ......... - .......... 5.99 ... $1609.23 .... 6.83 .......... 7.54 ..... 7.89 ... 8.24 .... 6.19 ... $365-929

HomeSide Lending .............. - ........ - .......... 6.22 .... $1644.54 ... 6.49 ........... 7.19 .... 7.49 .... 7.79 ... 6.70 .... $600

HomeStar .......................... - ......... - .......... 5.88 .... $1592.47 ... 6.75 ........... 7.50 .... 7.85 ... 8.20 .... - ......... -

ING DIRECT ....................... 5.94 ... - .......... 6.24 .... $1647.63 ... 6.69 ........... 7.24 .... 7.59 .... 7.94 ... 6.54 .... $220-719

ME Bank ........................... - ......... - .......... 6.24 .... $1647.63 ... 6.65 ........... - ......... 7.65 .... 7.95 ... - ......... -

mecu ................................. 5.94 ... - .......... 5.94 .... $1601.60 ... 6.39 ........... 7.19 .... 7.49 .... - ........ 6.40 .... $595

MyLoanMyWay .................. - ......... - .......... 5.91 ... $1597.03 .... 6.75 .......... 7.30 ..... 7.65 ... 8.00 .... 6.45 ... $0-395

MyRate.com.au .................. - ......... - .......... 5.88 ... $1592.47 .... 6.73 .......... 7.28 .... 7.63 .... 7.98 ... 6.35 .... -

NAB .................................. 5.99 .... 5.40v ... 6.49 .... $1686.46 ... 6.59 ........... 7.29 .... 7.59 ... 7.89 .... 6.64 ... $600

QuickDirect ........................ - ......... - .......... 5.90 ... $1595.51 .... 6.75 .......... 7.30 .... 7.65 .... 8.00 ... - ......... -

RateBusters ....................... - ......... - .......... 5.68 ... $1562.21 .... - ............... - .......... - ......... - ........ - ......... $495

State Custodians ................ - ......... 5.82 .... - ......... 5.64 ........... $1556.19 ... - .......... - ........ - ......... 5.64 .... $725-1070

Westpac ............................ 6.06 ... - .......... 6.76 .... $1728.86 ... 6.79 ........... 7.44 .... 7.79 .... 8.14 ... 6.91 .... $600

Low Rate Credit Cards (up to 12%)

KEY

AAA = Institution

BBB = Product Name

CCC = Card Type

DDD = Interest rate

EEE = Annual fees

FFF = Free days

AAA ..................................................... BBB .......................................... CCC ............. DDD ..... EEE ... FFF

mecu ................................................... mecu Low Rate VISA ................... Visa ............. 9.74 ..... $59 ..... 0

Bankwest ............................................. Bankwest Lite MasterCard ........... Mastercard .... 9.99 ..... $59 ..... 55

Community First Credit Union ................. McGrath Pink Visa Card .............. Visa ............. 10.50 ... $40 ..... 55

Sydney Credit Union .............................. SCU Low Rate Visa Credit Card ... Visa ............. 10.64 .... $30 .... 55

ME Bank .............................................. Members Equity MasterCard ........ Mastercard ... 10.99 .... $39 .... 44

Bananacoast Community Credit Union .... BCU Classic Visa ........................ Visa ............. 11.05 ... $45 ..... 55

Heritage Building Society ....................... Heritage Visa Classic No Frills ..... Visa ............. 11.30 .... - ......... 0

Newcastle Permanent Building Society ... Newcastle Permanent Value+ ....... Visa ............. 11.34 ... $45 ..... 55

Defcredit ............................................... True Blue Credit Card .................. Visa ............. 11.49 .... $36 .... 55

Hunter United Credit Union ..................... Hunter United Visa Credit Card ..... Visa ............. 11.49 ... $48 ..... 55

DTM-20100125-1-038-386357

Document DAITEL0020100124e61p00028


Cloud of debt lifted through financial coaching program

ANDREA BALL        
504 words
24 January 2010
Austin American-Statesman
AAS
Final
B2
English
© 2010 Austin American Statesman.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.    All Rights Reserved.          

Maggie San Miguel spent years living in fear.

The 47-year-old Austin woman couldn't answer the telephone. She refused to open her mailbox. She couldn't deal with the debt collectors constantly hounding her for the tens of thousands of dollars in debt she had accumulated. So she just ignored them.

She couldn't sleep. She drank to forget everything, she said.

"Eventually you're just frozen," San Miguel said. "It gets worse and worse and worse. You're just running all the time."

Then 18 months ago , San Miguel connected with Foundation Communities. She learned how to get her finances under control.

"It's so freeing," she said. "I've never experience such empowerment. It's amazing."

Foundation Communities is an Austin-based nonprofit well known for renting affordable apartments and duplexes across the city. Its community tax centers, which provide tax preparation services for low-income people and facilitated $25 million in tax refunds last year, also gets the spotlight. The tax center program is available to individuals making less than $25,000 annually and families earning less than $50,000 per year. Those centers are currently open, and more information is available at www.foundcom.org .

What's less known is the nonprofit's financial coaching programs, which teach people how to set a budget, save money, reduce debt and repair credit. For some people, that coaching is the first time they've ever been taught how to manage their finances, said Katie Hazekamp , a community outreach associate for Foundation Communities.

"We don't have any financial information incorporated into our education and then we're just supposed to know how to do it," she said.

San Miguel did know how to do it. She'd worked in accounting and business for years, she said. But after a five divorces and a bout with breast cancer, San Miguel, who has one son, found herself deeply in debt.

Even though she was working, she couldn't pay off her bills, she said. She didn't know that she could negotiate with creditors or that she should scour her credit report for possible mistakes.

Instead, overwhelmed, she ignored everything. She avoided her mailbox for weeks to avoid the threatening letters.

"Sometimes, the mailman would leave notes in my mailbox saying, 'You know. . . ,' " San Miguel said.

In 2008 , while looking for a new place to live, she stumbled across several South Austin duplexes owned by Foundation Communities. She got financial coaching and learned how to attack her debt. And she realized that fear had been her biggest barrier to financial recovery.

Now, San Miguel said, she is paying her bills on time and working with her creditors to pay off her bills. She's learning about financial programs that could allow her to eventually buy her own home.

She answers her phone. She opens her mailbox.

"It's monumental," she said. "My life is so different."

aball@statesman.com; 912-2506

Document AAS0000020100125e61o0002d




Editorial
Labor helps union, nonunion jobless

By Mark Gaffney / Special to The Detroit News      
504 words
20 January 2010
The Detroit News
DTNS
no-dot
A17
English
(c) Copyright 2010, The Detroit News. All Rights Reserved.      

By Mark Gaffney

Today's unions are changing to be more relevant to working families. While workers need unions for all of the same reasons they have always needed them - family-supporting jobs, living wages, access to health care and secure retirement plans - they also need help overcoming unemployment.

The economic situation in Michigan and across our nation is crushing some struggling families. When individuals lose their jobs, not only is their usual source of income gone, but also their personal work relationships, daily structures and an important sense of self-purpose.

Unemployment can be, and often is, a shock to the whole system, leading to the same feelings and stresses experienced with other major losses. That's why the Michigan AFL-CIO has created critically needed job clubs across the state, which we call a Labor, Education, Action and Referral Network or LEARN. Labor liaisons from the United Way and representatives of Michigan State AFL-CIO Human Resources Development Inc. meet with unemployed workers, union and nonunion alike, every day somewhere in Michigan to offer support through a difficult transition.

The unemployed are finding information and referrals a necessary way of life. The job clubs provide directions and access to family counseling, credit advice and food banks. In meeting places across the state, including union halls, members are helping each other cope with the economic situation, making suggestions for job searches and sharing valuable information on good job prospects.

LEARN also connects workers, union and nonunion, with services provided by economic development and work force development partners. We link workers to high-quality training and give them the encouragement to start new careers through reschooling and other means.

According to the latest jobs report, the average weeks that individuals are unemployed rose to 29.1 weeks across America - the highest since the government started tracking. That means it takes almost seven months to find a job in America.

In Michigan it is worse. More than 800,000 workers are counted as jobless with over 100,000 unemployed for more than 105 weeks as of December. These 100,000 workers who have been unemployed for more than two years have run out of unemployment benefits.

As Michigan's hard-working people continue to lose their jobs, their benefits and sometimes use up their pensions, they are turning to unions for assistance. And we are not letting them down.

Labor Voices

Labor Voices columns are written on a rotating basis by United Auto Workers President Ron Gettelfinger, Teamster President James Hoffa, Michigan AFL-CIO President Mark Gaffney and Michigan Education Association President Iris Salters. Look for Labor Voices every Wednesday in The Detroit News.

Mark Gaffney is president of the Michigan AFL-CIO, a federation of Michigan labor groups. Please e-mail comments to letters@detnews.com, fax them to (313) 496-5253 or mail them to Letters, The Detroit News, 615 W. Lafayette, Detroit, MI 48226.

det-58263392.xml

Document DTNS000020100121e61k00023




Daily Main Book - Property
'Do I have to register as a buy-to-let landlord?'

Sam Dunn        
504 words
6 January 2010
The Independent
IND
1ST
49,48
English
(c) 2010 Independent & Media PLC        

Property | House Doctor

Question: We decided to invest a small inheritance and savings in a buy-to-let property and our first tenant - on a standard so-called "Assured Shorthold Tenancy" [ASTs] - has so far been no problem at all.

However, a colleague of mine says I need to join a Government scheme for deposits but thinks it's only for professional landlords.

Is he right?

Kathleen Roberts, Portsmouth Answer: While you're no Rigsby from Rising Damp, your credentials as a new landlord are severely lacking - as it stands, you're breaking the law. New regulations give tenants greater rights and easier access to get their deposits back.

Sadly, too many landlords were refusing to hand back deposits or making unjust and outrageous deductions. Today, being a new landlord means you must sign up to the Tenancy Deposit Protection Scheme - and you need to act fast. Since April 2007, it applies to all deposits from tenants paying rent of up to £25,000 a year taken by landlords (and letting agents) for ASTs in England and Wales.

This safety net ringfences the tenant's cash and, vitally, gives him or her a lifeline in the event of a dispute. If, say, you disagreed over the flat's cleanliness at the end of his tenancy and kept back part of their deposit, he could then appeal. It would act as arbiter and it would be up to you to prove why you should be allowed to retain all or part of the tenant's deposit.

"Whenever such a deposit is taken from a tenant, it must be protected in a government-initiated scheme," says a spokesman for online property agent Prime location.com. You have a choice of two types of scheme - a "custodial" or "insurance-based" - overseen by the Department of Communities and Local Government. So far, only three companies run either type of scheme.

On one side, you have the custodial Deposit Protection Service (www.depositprotection.com) which safeguards the deposit and releases it at the end of the rental agreement.

Free to use, it's funded from the interest earned from all landlords' deposits - and you can register and make transactions online.

Or there's the confusingly-named Tenancy Deposit Scheme (thedisputeser vice.co.uk) and separate MyDeposits scheme (my deposits.co.uk), the latter being a partnership between the National Landlords Association and Hamilton Fraser Insurance.

Here, you hold your tenant's deposit but pay an insurance premium - typically £60 to £80 - to cover any claims made by your tenant.

When you've decided which suits you best, you have a legal requirement to then tell your tenant which scheme you've chosen and give him its contact details.

Regardless, you must move speedily and sign up.

If you were found guilty of failing to properly protect their cash, a court could order you to repay three times the amount of the deposit.

Document IND0000020100106e61600019




Guardian Money Pages
8. Pay down debt

504 words
2 January 2010
The Guardian
GRDN
2
English
© Copyright 2010.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved.        

This, claims Jill Insley, is going to be the year when I practise what I invariably preach and actually do something about paying off all my unsecured debt.

I was good at keeping my bank account in the black until I had a baby - then it all went pear-shaped. Even before she was born, my daughter was good at getting me to spend money on her . . . and it's never really stopped.

Two years on, I became a single parent, and like many people who split up with their partners, I didn't cut back enough on our lifestyle-spending to fit my new budget. I gradually built up debt on a credit card, then on a second one, and my bank account has been constantly overdrawn.

Last year I paid off one credit card. But I have another to go, plus the overdraft. By the start of 2011 I want to have just one credit card that I can pay off in full every month (if I have used it), and no overdraft.

* Action plan

Switch cards to make sure you pay little or no interest on credit balances. According to the credit card tables on www.guardian.co.uk/money, the best balance transfer deal is now offered by Virgin: it charges 2.98% for transferring your balance, then 0% for 16 months. Just be aware that the card is run by MBNA and your application will be rejected if you already have a card with that company - as well as leaving a footprint on your credit record.

With interest rates so low on mortgage debt, now is a good time to use any surplus to pay down more costly unsecured debt. Overdrafts are obviously more expensive than 0% credit cards, so it makes more sense paying the minimum on the credit card until the overdraft has gone.

Close down any dormant savings accounts with odd bits of money in and pay the cash into the overdrawn current account.

Likewise, liquidate any non-performing investments. Better that they save you the interest you would otherwise be paying than sit in the hands of a hapless investment manager doing nothing.

Sell unwanted toys/books/bikes/coffee makers on eBay or at your local car boot sale.

Look for other savings by: switching broadband and landline suppliers (www.guardiandigitalcomparison.co.uk suggests a bundle provided by Orange for pounds 10 a month, with 20Mb broadband, unlimited download and free evening and weekend calls); switch gas and electricity deals (www.energyhelpline.com says Npower's Sign On-Line could take pounds 172 a year off my British Gas tariff, while Ovo New Energy, a newish utility provider, will only save pounds 144 but may be a better bet service-wise).

Leave the plastic perisher at home, ask for your credit limit to be reduced each time you pay back pounds 1,000 to eliminate the temptation of spending - and cut it up once it's paid off.

Document GRDN000020100101e612000fi




Investing
ETFs Finish Flat in Light Year-End Trading

By Elizabeth Trotta      
504 words
30 December 2009
04:01 PM
SmartMoney.com
SMRTO
English
© 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Stocks and exchange-traded funds hugged the flat line again Wednesday as investors were little motivated by better than expected manufacturing data.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed up 3 points at 10549. The S&P 500 climbed fractionally to finish the day at 1126, and the Nasdaq edged up 3 to 2291.The stagnation occurred despite a pop in the Chicago Purchasing Managers Index, which rose to 60 this month, up from 56.1 in November. Expectations were for a nudge down to 55.1. A reading over 50 indicates growth.

In Washington, the government appears close to giving GMAC Financial Services another $3.5 billion in aid, in addition to the $12.5 its already put in since December 2008, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing an anonymous source.

Meanwhile, airlines and stocks overseas were hit hard early on concerns that Japanese Airlines' restructuring will involve bankruptcy.

The airline sector also faced more security worries, as President Obama said Wednesday that a "systemic failure" had occurred in the handling of information that could have prevented a Christmas Day terrorism attempt on a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit. OSI Systems, which makes security equipment for airlines, jumped more than 9%.

Most of the airlines rallied in afternoon trading and finished in the black.

Stocks overseas were higher. In Europe, the FTSE in London and Dax in Frankfurt were adding 0.7% and 0.1%, respectively. In Asia, the Nikkei in Japan was closed for the session while the Hang Seng in Hong Kong added 0.09%. Commodities were mixed, with crude oil gaining 87 cents to $79.74 a barrel and gold falling $4.60 to $1,093.50 an ounce while the dollar gained strength.

U.S. crude stockpiles fell by less than expected last week, while gasoline inventories saw a surprise decline, the Department of Energy said Wednesday. Crude inventories fell by 1.54 million barrels, fewer than the 1.74 million expected. Gasoline inventories fell unexpectedly by 366,000 barrels.

For a detailed rundown on Wednesday's trading session see our market story.

Winners

The Ultra Semiconductors ProShares rose 2.8% with some help from a 2.7% rise in Texas Instruments and an 0.9% rise in Intel, which alone makes up 27% of its holdings. The Direxion Daily Technology Bull 3X Shares also rose 1.5% despite a decline in Microsoft, its biggest holding.

Losers

Worries that the Japan Airlines restructuring will involve bankruptcy weighed on stocks overseas. The iShares MSCI Japan Index Fund and iShares MSCI Japan Small Cap Index Fund lost more than 1% each. Most markets in Japan were closed for the day. The Tokyo stock market resumes trading on Jan. 4.

Thursday's Notebook

There are no earnings releases scheduled.

Economic Data 8:30 a.m. Jobless Claims 10:30 a.m. EIA Natural Gas Report 4:30 p.m. Fed Balance Sheet 4:30 p.m. Money Supply

Document SMRTO00020110419e5cu001iu




GOV. QUINN SIGNS LAW IMPROVING ORTHOTIC, PROSTHETIC INSURANCE COVERAGE

504 words
15 December 2009
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2009.    HT Media Limited.    All rights reserved.      

CHICAGO, Ill., Dec. 13 -- Gov. Pat Quinn, D-Ill., issued the following press release:

Governor Pat Quinn today signed a bill into law that will benefit thousands of orthotic and prosthetic users in Illinois covered by private health insurance plans. The law ensures that coverage for orthotic and prosthetic devices is the same as nearly all medical or surgical benefits.

"Those covered by orthotic and prosthetic insurance policies will get stronger and better coverage that is in line with other medical and surgical insurance benefits," said Governor Quinn. "This new law should provide a greater degree of financial protection and security to those who depend upon these important devices and to their families."

In addition, the new law will give more orthotic and prosthetic users access to new, technologically-advanced and well-fitting devices. There are over 69,000 people in Illinois living with limb loss and a comparable number of people living with disabling diseases such as Spina Bifida, Cerebral Palsy and Muscular Dystrophy.

Governor Quinn signed into law HB 2652, which was sponsored by Senator Antonio Munoz (D-Chicago) and Representative Kevin Joyce (D-Worth). The law goes into effect June 1, 2010.

The new law pertains to health insurance plans that contain coverage for orthotics or prosthetics (excluding foot orthotics). It amends the Illinois Insurance Code by adding a section requiring those insurance plans to provide coverage that's on par with "substantially all medical and surgical benefits" covered in that plan.

The law pertains to health insurance plans covering orthotics or prosthetics that are issued, renewed or delivered six months after June 1, 2010.

Helping to inspire passage of this new law is the family of 14-year-old Allie Johnson, who was born without a right arm. Her insurance company would only cover one prosthetic for her lifetime. Her mother, Laurie - who for nearly 15 years has worked with Families and Amputees in Motion and is now its president-has spent that last two-and-a-half years working with legislators and other advocates to pass the insurance parity bill.

"This new law is going to help thousands of Illinois citizens. It will improve their lives financially but, just as important, enable many of them to go back to work and contribute to society in general," said Laurie Johnson.

Other groups and constituents that rallied in support of the Orthotic and Prosthetic Insurance Coverage Parity law include: Illinois Society of Orthotists and Prosthetists; United Healthcare; Tammie Higginbotham; and Douglas Knight, a member of Spina Bifida Association and the National Federation of Independent Business.

Among those joining Governor Quinn at the bill signing ceremony were: Representative Joyce; Senator Munoz; Representative Jim Durkin (R-Countryside), co-sponsor of the bill; Rep Monique Davis (D-Chicago) co-sponsor of the bill; Laurie and Allie Johnson; and Jim Kaiser, a Member of Families and Amputees in Motion.

For more information about USfednews please contact: Sarabjit Jagirdar, US Fed News, email:- htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

Document INDFED0020091215e5cf004hs




Special
FUND FIEND; Don't Be Spooked by Investors Fleeing American Funds

By Tom Lauricella      
504 words
8 December 2009
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

It's often a sign of trouble when investors leave a mutual-fund complex in droves. But in the case of American Funds, where more than $36 billion has headed out the door over the past two years, there's little evidence that the exodus is cause for concern.

When it comes to returns, the past two years haven't been the finest hour for the funds' manager, Capital Research & Management of Los Angeles, especially among its bond funds. But it's a far cry from the kind of slump that should send investors looking elsewhere.

Take American Funds Investment Co. of America, where investors have pulled out $10.2 billion in 2008 and 2009. It lost 35% in 2008. That isn't pretty, but it beat 70% of funds in its Morningstar Inc. category. This year it's up 24.2% through November, beating 52% of the competition.

More broadly, of the firm's 15 funds that hold stocks and have five-year track records, 13 are in the top half of their Morningstar categories and 10 are in the top third.

So what gives? Perhaps expectations were too high after American Funds successfully avoided getting caught up in the tech-stock meltdown. American Funds Capital Income Builder, for example, didn't have a negative year during the 2000-02 bear market. That kind of performance helped the firm haul in a massive $372 billion from 2003 to 2007.

In 2008, Capital Income Builder, which buys stocks and bonds, lost 30%. That was better than half its peers, but investors have pulled out $9.6 billion in 2008 and 2009. Through November, it's up 19.5%, in the bottom 25%.

Then there's this year's stock rally. It's been fast and furious, led by risky, beaten-down names-not the solid, long-term plays that American Funds managers prefer.

Meanwhile, investors have been gravitating toward bonds. Despite having $175 billion in its bond funds, American Funds is thought of as a stock shop. Plus, the firm's bond funds didn't fare well in 2008, thanks to a tilt toward the kind of credit-sensitive strategies that suffered after the Lehman Brothers collapse. The firm has now reorganized its fixed-income group.

With $900 billion in fund assets, American Funds remains a giant and has taken some flak for not closing off the spigot. But the firm took its growing size seriously, and earlier this decade it began slowly splitting its investment operations in two. Despite this dramatic move, its decades-old investment culture appears intact.

The last time investors shunned American Funds was just before its funds proved their mettle in the tech-stock collapse. Now, many of the blue-chip stocks among which American Funds hunts have trailed the market's rebound. Time will tell whether history repeats itself.

Send questions and comments to Mr. Lauricella at tom.lauricella@wsj.com.

Document WSJO000020091208e5c8000h0




Guardian Sport Pages
Cricket: Benson retires but officials deny umpire review system is to blame

David Hopps      
504 words
8 December 2009
The Guardian
GRDN
7
English
© Copyright 2009.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved.      

The English umpire Mark Benson is expected to announce his immediate retirement from international cricket after walking out of the Adelaide Test for what International Cricket Council officials are calling a combination of health and stress-related reasons.

ICC officials continue to deny suggestions that Benson's sudden return to England was directly due to the controversial introduction of the Umpire Decision Review System, which allows an umpire's decision to be challenged on the field and will also be used in England's forthcoming Test series against South Africa.

But John Holder, the former international umpire, who is Benson's official mentor in his role as ICC umpires performance manager for Europe, admitted that the link was bound to be made. "Some people may feel that the process is humiliating and Benny may be one of those," he said. "Maybe he is a bit too sensitive to cope with it.'"

As Vince van der Bijl, the ICC's umpire and referees manager, headed to England to discuss Benson's future - and that is likely to amount primarily to discussions about how best to manage his retirement - Holder, who serves under him, accepted that more umpires might now follow Benson's example and decide that pressures in international cricket are intolerable.

Holder, who stood in 11 Tests and 19 ODIs and spent 27 years on the English county circuit before retiring in September, said: "The reality is that now umpiring is so much more under the microscope. Benny has had a few health problems even before he got on to the international panel. Maybe this job is not cut out for him.

"Imagine how it is: you have made a decision in good faith and you are having it overthrown in front of millions of people worldwide. Some people might find that humiliating. Some umpires can give a decision, be told they have got it wrong, and get on with their lives. Others can't.

"The system is about eliminating mistakes, but if the umpire loses confidence when he is overruled then for that particular umpire it might have the opposite effect. It is my job to help restore that confidence."

Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager, and a committed advocate of the Umpire Decision Review System, has dismissed reports that Benson "ranted" at his Pakistani colleague Asad Rauf in the umpires room after the first day of the Adelaide Test. Rauf overruled Benson's decision to give the West Indies batsman Shivnarine Chanderpaul not out, even though there was no evidence of contact on the hot-spot technology.

"What we can say without speaking to Mark is that he quit the Test for a combination of health and pressure problems," Richardson told Sky Sports. "Coping with a very pressured job proved too much for him. [Whether he continues] is up to him."

Captions:

Mark Benson, left, discusses a decision with Australia's captain, Ricky Ponting

Document GRDN000020091208e5c80004a




Obama and GOP differ over recipe for job aid

By Douglass K. Daniel Associated Press      
504 words
27 November 2009
Deseret Morning News
DN
A02
English
(c) 2009 Deseret News Publishing Co.      

WASHINGTON - President Barack Obama and a top House Republican acknowledged in holiday messages Thursday the economic struggles facing Americans this Thanksgiving but offered starkly different recipes for relief. Obama and Rep. Mike Pence, R-Ind., singled out U.S. service members at home and abroad for special thanks before saying what they think should be done to fix the economy. "As much as we all have to be thankful for, we also know that this year millions of Americans are facing very difficult economic times," Obama said in his weekly radio and Internet address. "Many have lost jobs in this recession - the worst in generations. Many more are struggling to afford health care premiums and house payments, let alone to save for an education or retirement.

 Too many are wondering if the dream of a middle-class life - that American dream - is slipping away." Obama said his administration has acted by cutting taxes for nearly all working men and women and for small businesses and by extending unemployment benefits and health coverage for millions out of work. He trumpeted other administration initiatives, including the health care overhaul, before saying more needs to be done, particularly for those without jobs. Obama said he will meet next week with business owners, labor leaders and nonprofit officials to talk about additional efforts to spur job creation. "It is my fervent hope - and my heartfelt expectation - that next Thanksgiving we will be able to celebrate the fact that many of those who have lost their jobs are back at work and that as a nation we will have come through these difficult storms stronger and wiser and grateful to have reached a brighter day," he said. Pence, the chairman of the House Republican Conference, said in the GOP's weekly address that Obama had promised that the $787 billion economic stimulus package would keep unemployment, now at 10.2 percent, below 8 percent. Yet, Pence said, the administration insists the stimulus plan is working. "In the city and on the farm, as millions of American families struggle to balance their checkbooks this holiday season, they watch in astonishment as Washington spends billions of dollars it doesn't have," he said. "And what is the White House's answer to our struggles? Another meeting next week. A 'jobs summit,' and most likely another proposal to grow government, raise taxes and place more debt on the shoulders of our children and grandchildren." Pence said Obama and the Democratic Congress have taken the economy "from bad to worse with their failed economic agenda and big government plans" and now want the government to take over the nation's health care system. "The way to help working families is to let Americans keep more of their hard-earned money, not taking more from their wallets," he said. "Republicans have proposals to get our economy moving again, to achieve energy independence and lower the cost of health care."

Document DN00000020091127e5br0002b




UPDATE: OECD Tax Burdens Dn As Taxes Fall,Econ Activity Slows

504 words
25 November 2009
02:38 AM
Dow Jones International News
DJI
English
(c) 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

(Adds details.)


 
   By Adam Bradbery 
   Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES 
 

LONDON (Dow Jones)--The total tax burden in countries within the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development dropped in 2008 as some countries lowered their tax rates to aid economic recovery and activity slowed, reducing tax receipts, the OECD said Tuesday.

The tax burden for these countries is estimated to have dropped by just over half a percentage point to 35.2% of gross domestic product in 2008 from 35.8% in 2007 and is also likely to have fallen further in 2009, the OECD said in an annual report.

The OECD's findings show the scale of the problem faced by OECD governments as they struggle to reduce their budget deficits and supplement their income in a bid to pay down the large amounts of debt they have issued to fund economic stimulus and bank rescues during the financial crisis.

"Governments acted decisively in 2008 and 2009 to support demand during the crisis," OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria said. "But falling tax receipts underline the challenge they will face, once the recovery is secured, in maintaining sound public finances."

The report showed that lower revenues from income and property taxes as well as taxes on good and services helped push tax-to-GDP rates in Iceland down to 36% in 2008 from 40.9% in 2007, to 33% from 37.2% in Spain and to 28.3% from 30.8% in Ireland.

"The challenge that governments are now facing is how do we...cut back these deficits," said Jeffrey Owens, director of the OECD's Centre for Tax Policy and Administration.

"Part of the answer is by cutting back on expenditures but also part of the answer has to be to increase revenues and the challenge is how do we do that in a way that doesn't jeopardize long-term growth," said Owens.

Provisional estimates in the report show the tax-to-GDP ratio fell in 17 countries and rose in nine in 2008, with Denmark having the highest ratio at 48.3% of GDP, followed closely by Sweden with 47.1%, although both of these countries, along with Finland and New Zealand, have seen the private sector tax burden fall over the past three years.

The U.S. ratio dropped to 26.9% in 2008 from 28.3% in 2007 and the U.K. also eased to 35.7% from 36.1%, according to the report.

The lowest ratios were recorded in Mexico and Turkey, with the former collecting taxes equivalent to 21.1% of GDP in 2008, up from 18% in 2007, and the latter taking taxes equal to 23.5% of GDP last year, down from 23.7% in 2007.

The OECD said the average tax-to-GDP ratio was unchanged in 2006 to 2007 before it fell in 2008.

-By Adam Bradbery, Dow Jones Newswires; 44 20 7842 9305; adam.bradbery@dowjones.com [ 24-11-09 1538GMT ]

Document DJI0000020091124e5bo0017y




Investing
Housing Data Keep Stocks Flat

By Will Swarts      
504 words
18 November 2009
04:01 PM
SmartMoney.com
SMRTO
English
© 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Construction Crunch: Housing starts drop in October.

Chocolate Drop: Hershey group unwraps Cadbury offer.

Aromatic Pickup: Sara Lee gets new bidders for air fresheners.

The Lowdown

Stocks stayed flat Wednesday afternoon following a Commerce Department report of unexpected drops in home construction and building permits in October.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 43 points to 10396. The Nasdaq dropped 17 to 2187 and the S&P 500 slipped 6 to 1096.

Separately, the Labor Department reported U.S. consumer prices continued to rise at a moderate pace in October that came in close to expectations and indicated a slow economic recovery is keeping inflation contained.

Dow Jones Industrial Average futures were down 15 points recently after trading up about 9 points prior to the data. Nasdaq Composite futures were down 3 points and Standard & Poor's 500 futures were down 1 point. Prior to the reports, Nasdaq futures had been down 1 point and S&P 500 futures were up 1 point.

The slight gains prior to the reports had come as commodities including crude-oil and metals futures climbed, while the dollar fell against the euro and the yen. Small gains in commodities had helped the Dow Jones Industrial Average finish at a fresh 13-month high Tuesday.

Wednesday's data showed housing starts decreased 10.6% to a seasonally adjusted 529,000 annual rate compared to the prior month. Economists surveyed by Dow Jones Newswires had forecast a 1.7% increase. The 10.6% fall carried construction to the lowest point in six months.

Building permits in October fell 4.0% to a 552,000 annual rate. Economists had expected permits to rise by 0.9% to a rate of 580,000. Building permits are a sign of future construction.

The seasonally-adjusted consumer price index rose 0.3% in October, compared with a monthly 0.2% increase in September. The core CPI, which strips out volatile food and energy prices, advanced by 0.2% in October, the same increase seen the previous month. The figures were a tad higher than forecast by Wall Street economists, which had projected a 0.2% rise in the headline CPI and a 0.1% increase in core inflation.

The inflation data should give the U.S. Federal Reserve continued ammunition in trying to support the economic recovery by keeping interest rates at a record low close to zero.

As of 3:58 p.m., crude oil futures traded on the Nymex were up 52 cents to $79.66 a barrel.

Corporate news

Hershey said it was in talks with Italian confectioner Ferrero to make a rival offer for U.K. sweets maker Cadbury (CBY), now the subject of a hostile $16 billion takeover bid from Kraft Foods.

Sara Lee is looking to sell its air freshener business, and now counts S.C. Johnson & Son among the bidders, which also include Procter & Gamble. 

Dow Jones Newswires contributed to this report.

Document SMRTO00020110419e5bi001e2


WMU Offers Free Employee Wellness Program

504 words
6 November 2009
Targeted News Service
TARGNS
English
Copyright 2009 Targeted News Service ALL Rights Reserved      

KALAMAZOO, Mich., Nov. 6 -- Western Michigan University issued the following news release:

Western Michigan University is motivating its employees to enjoy the benefits of a healthy, active lifestyle with a new One-to-One Wellness Program.

Developed by Holtyn Associates, a local wellness provider, the program features personalized health assessments and wellness coaching. It's designed to give participants the resources and support they need to take charge of their own physical and mental well-being. The one-to-one program is offered free of charge to all full-time, benefits-eligible WMU employees.

"When employees maintain healthy lifestyles, it improves morale and productivity and reduces health care costs," says Danna Downing, wellness coordinator for Holtyn Associates. "By empowering each employee to adopt and maintain healthy behaviors, we can create a healthier campus culture."

How does the program work?

The one-to-one program begins with an individual biometric assessment. A wellness professional will measure blood pressure, cholesterol and blood sugar levels, as well as body mass index, waist circumference and overall fitness level. No fasting is required, and participants leave the assessment with their results in hand.

At the initial assessment, participants are asked to set a personal wellness goal that fits into their life and puts them closer to reaching or maintaining optimal health. Wellness coaches are available to periodically provide support and encouragement, and to assist employees in meeting their goals. Every participant has access to online tools and support, as well as wellness events, programs and services.

The entire process is private and confidential.

What are the program benefits?

The One-to-One Wellness Program is designed to help employees of every age and fitness level learn about and maintain a healthy lifestyle. For those in poor health, it can provide the momentum needed to reverse years of damage and start down the path to wellness. For others, it's a way to stay on track as lives and circumstances change.

Lowell Rinker, WMU vice president for business and finance, expects the one-to-one program to result in substantial savings in health-related costs for the University within the next five years.

"We also anticipate reduced risk factors for individual employees," he says, "which translates into a win-win situation for WMU and its employees."

Get started

Individual appointments are offered in a variety of convenient on-campus locations. To register in the program or schedule an appointment, visit wmich.edu/wellness, and click the "Holtyn" link.

For more information, or to offer screenings in your building, contact Danna Downing at ddowning@holtynhpc.com or (269) 779-5453.

Related articles

Chad Avery's success story (http://www.wmich.edu/wmu/news/2009/11/avery.shtml)

Linda Doremus' success story (http://www.wmich.edu/wmu/news/2009/11/doremus.shtml)

Mary Peterson's success story (http://www.wmich.edu/wmu/news/2009/11/peterson.shtml)

TNS MD66-MD66 091107-2467001 61MariaDonald

Tonya Durlach, 269/387-8400, tonya.durlach@wmich.edu      

Document TARGNS0020091107e5b60036b




Investor's Corner
Investor's Corner: Seek Rare But Powerful Ascending Base

DONALD H. GOLD      
504 words
30 October 2009
Investor's Business Daily
INVDAI
English
(c) 2009 Investor's Business Daily      

Ascending bases are hard to spot, but well worth the effort. To find them, you'll need a careful eye and a pocket calculator.

They'll start out like a common-enough breakout from an ordinary pattern, like a cup with handle or a flat base.

About midway along what will eventually prove to be the stock's bull run, you'll see three pullbacks. Each dip will typically amount to 10% to 20%, with each low higher than the previous dip's low.

They don't need to retreat to the 10-week moving average or any other destination.

Here are some other characteristics that identify this rare beast:

The ascending base typically forms in nine to 16 weeks.

The first pullback should begin after the stock is up 20% from its previous buy point.

Ascending bases usually appear in market downturns. Those dips that are this pattern's prime ingredient are usually the modest declines of a stock that, if not for the broad market's weakness, would be soaring. The buy point 19 determined by finding the peak of the last pullback and adding 10 cents to it.

A look at wireless pioneer Qualcomm's (QCOM) stunning run-up in 1999-2000 shows the power of an ascending base.

Qualcomm's story starts with a cup- or double-bottom-with-handle pattern from July 1998 through the week ended Jan. 1, 1999 (point 1).

When the split-adjusted 7.60 buy point was triggered in the Jan. 8 week, Qualcomm took off. By rising more than 25% in the first three weeks of its uptrend, you knew you had to try and hold onto the stock for eight weeks.

Now look at Qualcomm's steep climb through October 1999. At first, perhaps, you see a rally that's gone too far. How can that entire structure be a base? But that's exactly what it is.

The ascending base's first pullback appeared in the Aug. 6 week (point 2). Retreating to 135.88 from 167.25 amounts to 19%. So far so good.

In the second leg up, Qualcomm rose to 198.63 in the week ended Aug. 27, then backed off to 152.28 (point 3). That's a decline of 23%, just outside what you'd ideally like to see.

If you were looking for ascending bases in 1999, Qualcomm may have caught your attention at this point.

The third wave pushed Qualcomm to 199 in the Sept. 24 week (point 4).

By this time, the unsuspecting would see only a short -- and thus faulty -- cup with handle after massive gains.

But the trained eye would see an ascending base, the clue to expect even more gains.

When Qualcomm took out the 199.10 buy point 18om this massive pattern on Oct. 6 (point 5), it had embarked on a run that would bring it to 800 in just a few short months.

Document INVDAI0020091030e5au00006




Sun Life Financial Variable Annuity Sales Rise 35% in the First Half of 2009 as Sales Gain Across Distribution Channels ; Sun Life Benefits from Financial Strength and Commitment to VA Market; Living Benefits Continue to be Popular

504 words
8 October 2009
01:30 AM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2009    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved.      

WELLESLEY, Mass. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - The U.S. division of Sun Life Financial Inc. (NYSE: SLF, TSX: SLF) today announced that its variable annuity (VA) sales for the first half of 2009 rose 35%, well above the Morningstar/VARDS Industry average of -25.4% for the same time period when compared to the first half of 2008. Sun Life's VA assets rose the first six months of 2009 by 10.7%, also beating the comparable 5.1% industry average gain for the same time period. The company has also almost doubled its market share in VA sales since the end of 2008, and reports that 91% of all its new VA sales for the first half of the year included at least one optional living benefit.

Sun Life has also dramatically increased its VA sales against the industry average in all three financial distribution channels:

Wirehouses
(dollars in millions)
                                          
                     1H 2008    1H 2009    Percentage Gain/Loss
Industry Average     $9,857.3   $7,094.9   -28%
Sun Life Financial   $326.7     $596.7     +82.6%


Independent Firms
(dollars in millions)
                                            
                     1H 2008     1H 2009     Percentage Gain/Loss
Industry Average     $29,413.1   $22,578.7   -23.2%
Sun Life Financial   $365.9      $536.3      +46.6%


Banks
(dollars in millions)
                                           
                     1H 2008     1H 2009    Percentage Gain/Loss  
Industry Average     $10,678.7   $6,043.6   -43.4%                
Sun Life Financial   $212.8      $226.2     +6.3%                 


Note: All data from Morningstar/VARDS

"Sun Life is financially strong and has remained fully committed to the variable annuity business, and we are experiencing a sales surge as financial advisors and consumers alike are gaining a new appreciation for protection from market downturns and the guaranteed lifetime income our products offer," said Terry Mullen, President of Sun Life Financial Distributors, Inc. "We have benefited from a 'flight to quality' in both the strength of our wholesaling team and the producers that place a premium on fiscal performance and ratings strength when selecting an insurance carrier."

About Sun Life Financial

Sun Life Financial is a leading international financial services organization providing a diverse range of protection and wealth accumulation products and services to individuals and corporate customers. Chartered in 1865, Sun Life Financial and its partners today have operations in key markets worldwide, including Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Japan, Indonesia, India, China and Bermuda. As of June 30, 2009, the Sun Life Financial group of companies had total assets under management of US $341.9 billion.

Sun Life Financial Inc. trades on the Toronto (TSX), New York (NYSE) and Philippine (PSE) stock exchanges under ticker symbol SLF. Visit Sun Life Financial's website at www.sunlife-usa.com.

Sun Life Financial David Jacobson, 781-446-1955 david.jacobson@sunlife.com      

Document BWR0000020091007e5a70060q




Investing
Active Trader: All About Moving Averages

By Elizabeth O'Brien      
504 words
24 September 2009
02:01 PM
SmartMoney.com
SMRTO
English
© 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

It's the question on the minds of nearly every trader: Where do we go from here? With the market up nearly 60% from its March lows, many investors fret stocks have come too far, too fast. Professional investors are turning to technical analysis - the study of price and volume movements - for clues, and right now, two indicators are coming up with unusual readings, most of which haven't been seen in decades.

The first indicator is the Standard & Poor's 200-day moving average, the mean of the index's closing prices over the past 200 days. Last week, the S&P 500 closed more than 20% above its 200-day moving average for the first time since Michael Jackson's "Beat It" topped the pop charts, in May 1983. This came just six months after the index traded the furthest below its 200-day moving average since the Great Depression, according to Bespoke Investment Group, a money management and financial research firm. "It's been a crazy market with a lot of mood swings," says Justin Walters, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group. "Things can change on a dime."

History shows that the type of volatility the markets have seen this year isn't good news for investors, at least in the short term. There have only been three other times when the S&P closed 20% below and 20% above its 200-day average within less than a year: 1932, 1938 and 1974. In all three instances, the S&P was lower one, three and six months after it went 20% above its moving average. However, in two of those cases, the market was up a year later, by 30.5% in 1933 and by 12.2% in 1975. It was down just 2.8% in 1939, Walters says.

Another unusual technical indicator, the "Golden Cross," also suggests the market might move higher. This term refers to when the 50-day average moves above the 200-day average. In the past 30 years, there have been 14 Golden Crosses, with the most recent on June 23, says C.J. MacDonald, the portfolio manager of the Timothy Small-Cap Value Fund. In 13 of the past 14 times, the market has moved an average of 25% higher after the Golden Cross appears, MacDonald says.

How should investors position their portfolios for a choppy market? Those who think the market is in short-term correction can set tighter stop-loss orders, of around 5%, on their stock positions, Walters suggests. Also, this might be a time to take some profits and reset portfolios to their original asset allocations. On the opposite end, conservative investors like retirees could consider lightening up on stocks when the market closes below its moving average, says Keith Goddard, co-manager of the Capital Advisors Growth Fund. But most investors shouldn't give up on stocks longer term, MacDonald says: "Trends tend to persist."

Document SMRTO00020110419e59o001wm




Appointments:
Ask James Follow your dream - or you may regret it James Caan urges a former MD to push on with entrepreneurship

By James Caan        
504 words
24 September 2009
The Daily Telegraph
DT
002
English
(c) 2009 Telegraph Group Limited, London        

I'VE just heard a sorry tale of how one man's plans to set up a business failed at the last minute because his partner was taken ill.

His extensive background in logistics, his track record of working on multi-million pound contracts and his last three positions as managing director for a number of companies all gave him the confidence to try to set up his own venture.

But then his financial partner pulled out after she became ill and his bank refused to provide a loan in order to help pay his suppliers who would not provide him with credit at the outset. To top it off, he is now searching for a job to keep some money coming in but he has found that including his managing director title in his CV is proving counterproductive and limiting his chances of securing a role.

Like many other businessmen and women, he's now at a crossroads. Should he continue to pursue the business? Or should he secure work elsewhere for the time being, but drop the MD title from his CV to avoid immediate rejection?

I'd advise following your dream and continuing to set up the business: the UK needs entrepreneurs with your drive to lead it out of the recession. And if you've got a good idea matched with the ambition to get it up and running - pulling out could be the biggest regret of your life.

Firstly, talk to your partner and find out whether their involvement at a future stage is a reality. If it isn't, start looking elsewhere to fund the business. Loans can be difficult to secure, especially at this stage - so try looking for other options. You mention that you weren't successful in securing a loan with the bank - but I think there's a number of things to consider. Have you got the orders in already? Have you invoiced the customers?

Remember cash flow is king. If you can get "letters of intent'' from prospective customers, use these to help secure a loan from the bank or an investor. Alternatively, if you've already invoiced your customers but you need to pay your suppliers upfront, why not consider factoring?

This aside, I do see your concern with the need to get some money in to pay the household bills.

In a bid to secure work, many would consider dropping the MD title from their CV. This is something I try to deter people from doing. If your CV illustrates how you've enhanced existing businesses and improved profit performance, not to mention how you've worked on the world's largest logistics contracts - why play this down? If you think you're over-qualified for a role - you probably are. Trust your instincts, don't apply for it. A prospective employer will think the same.

Document DT00000020090924e59o0002t




NEWS
Proposed health reform excise tax could affect more employers than initially believed

Jerry Geisel      
504 words
21 September 2009
Business Insurance
BZIN
0022
Volume 43; Number 33
English
(c) 2009 Crain Communications, Inc. All rights reserved.      

At first glance, it appears an excise tax embedded in the health care reform package proposed by Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus, D-Mont., would affect few employers.

Under the proposal, a 35% excise tax would be imposed on employer-provided health insurance coverage in which premiums exceed $8,000 a year for individuals and $21,000 for families. This would include premiums for medical, dental and vision care; employer contributions to health reimbursement arrangements and health savings accounts; and employee contributions to flexible spending accounts.

Benefit consultants say less than 10% of group health care plans now would pierce those thresholds for the excise tax to kick in.

But the number of employers affected could jump because those $8,000 and $21,000 thresholds would apply starting in 2013.

Depending on how much health care-related premiums escalate by then and with such premiums rising about three times as fast as general inflation, more health care plans would bump up against the thresholds, said Linda Havlin, a worldwide partner in the Chicago office of Mercer L.L.C.

"It is a tax on corporate America," Ms. Havlin said.

Technically, the tax-which the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation estimates would raise about $215 billion from 2013 through 2019 and be used to help fund coverage for the uninsured-would be imposed on health insurers and, in the case of self-funded employers, on third-party claims administrators. But insurers and TPAs almost certainly would recover the amounts they pay from employers through additional charges or fees.

Not only would employers ultimately pay the excise tax, they also would be responsible for determining and communicating to insurers and plan administrators how much tax each would owe the government.

A description of the proposal cites an example of how those reporting responsibilities would work. For an employee enrolled in a fully insured major medical plan with a premium of $23,000 for family coverage, a separate dental plan that costs $2,000, and a $3,000 contribution to an FSA, the total cost of coverage would be $28,000. The amount subject to the 35% excise tax would be $7,000, which would be pro-rated among the insurers and FSA administrator.

The calculation would require multiplying the total cost of coverage exceeding the threshold by the cost of coverage offered by each insurer and plan administrator. Then that would be divided by the total cost of health care coverage provided to the employee.

In the $28,000 example, the employer would tell the medical plan insurer its share of the excise tax is $5,750, inform the dental plan insurer that its excise tax liability is $500, and tell its FSA administrator that its tax is $750.

If the employer administered the FSA, the employer would be responsible for calculating the tax and remitting it to the Internal Revenue Service.

Copyright 2009 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Document BZIN000020090925e59l0000l




Playing off a handicap

George Hay      
504 words
1 September 2009
Breakingviews (Full Content)
BREAKV
English
(c) Copyright 2009 BreakingViews Limited. All Rights Reserved.      

Lenders lost the 3-6-3 tag long ago. The heyday of bankers borrowing at 3%, lending at 6% and teeing off by 3pm is long gone. But banks are trying to return to this pleasingly simple business model. First half results show how hard it is.

Take the UK lenders. All saw their net interest margins slump in the first half of 2009. Royal Bank of Scotland's net interest margin dropped from 2.1 percentage points to 1.7. But it's not just a British problem. While several large US lenders saw their net interest margins improves slightly in the second quarter, a number of smaller banks, such as United Western Bancorp and Pacific State Bancorp, experienced sharp year-over-year declines. Even Asian lenders such Industrial Commercial Bank of China have reported falling net interest margins.

The problem lies with low policy interest rates. This hits banks' liability spread, the margin between base rate and the interest rate they pay on customer deposits. During the boom, liability spreads were where banks made their money. In the UK, base rates were around 4% and depositors received tiny returns - typically less than 0.5%. In the US, the Federal funds rate was 5.25% in 2006, while depositors earned around 2%.

On the other side of the balance sheet, margins on lending were being held back by competition. The so-called asset spread - the margin between base rate and the rate charged on customer borrowing - was thin. In other words, 3-6-3 looked more like 0-5-3.

Now the opposite is true. Banks cannot cut deposit interest rates below zero, so plunging base rates have savaged liability spreads. True, lenders are re-pricing loans upwards to account for the real risks of lending: two-year tracker mortgages for first-time buyers start at over 300 basis points over base rate, while fixed rates are over 500bps. But demand for credit is subdued.

This won't stay the same forever. Rising base rates will restore spreads on customer deposits, and asset spreads should stay high. But pressure from the regulator to replace hot wholesale funding with more stable deposit funding will mean banks have to pay up for deposits. Competition could erode the benefit of wider liability spreads.

With a host of other regulatory imponderables still being mooted - such as improving liquidity by holding greater stocks of low-yielding gilts - making ambitious returns on equity will be tough. A return to the humdrum but stable world of "3-6-3" looks some way off.

Average deposit spreads for UK banks were 160 basis points lower in the first half of 2009 than the average for 2008, according to HSBC research.

The bank estimates that Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland both lost about £2.5bn of revenue from falling liability spreads caused by the cut in UK base rates to 0.5%. Following its acquisition of HBOS, Lloyds Banking Group could have lost over £5bn.

Document BREAKV0020090902e59100007




UPDATE: EBay To Sell Skype To Investors Tuesday - NYTimes

504 words
1 September 2009
07:39 PM
Dow Jones International News
DJI
English
(c) 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

(Adds comment, detail, background)

LONDON (Dow Jones)--EBay Inc (EBAY) will announce Tuesday that it will sell its Skype Internet phone business to private investors, according to the New York Times.

The paper reported on its web site that the investors likely include a venture capital firm headed by Netscape co-founder Marc Andreessen. Also on the deal are London-based Index Ventures, an early backer of Skype in its nascent days and Silver Lake Partners which specializes in technology investments, the paper said.

Index Ventures declined to comment and a spokesman for Silver Lake wasn't immediately reachable for comment.

The New York times report didn't disclose a price for the sale.

San Jose, Calif.-based EBay bought Skype in 2005 for $2.6 billion plus additional later payouts to its founders, aiming to integrate the Internet telephony service with its online auction sites. But that integration failed, and the company took a $900 million impairment write-down on the unit in 2007.

Ebay had said it planned to spin-off the unit in 2010 via an initial public offering and focus instead on its core online-payment service, Paypal, and its online auction business, but such moves could be hampered by a legal dispute between Ebay and Joltid Ltd, owned by Skype founders Niklas Zennström and Janus Friis, which still owns some of the patents to Skype's technology.

Ebay is trying to develop a work-around technology to enable it to maintain the service should it fail to reach agreement with Joltid.

However, the new software "may not be successful, may result in loss of functionality or customers even if successful, and will in any event be expensive," Ebay warned in a second quarter SEC filing in July.

Skype allows users to make free voice and video calls between computers, using a technology called VoIP, for voice over Internet protocol. Though the majority of users are consumers, the company has also grown a base of customers that use the service for business purposes.

Skype's free service and similar offerings from other VoIP providers have caused concern among big wireless carriers such as AT&T Inc. (T) and Verizon Wireless, for which international calls in particular are a big source of revenue.

The popularity of Apple Inc's (AAPL) iPhone, which is sold with an unlimited Internet package, has underscored such concerns. In Europe, Deutsche Telekom AG (DT) earlier this year threatened to prevent its customers from using Skype on the iPhone, which is sold in Germany exclusively by its T-Mobile wireless division.

Other mobile companies operate a throttling policy that limits VoIP calls from mobile phones.

Still, Hutchison Whampoa Ltd's (HUWHY) 3 network in the U.K. has embraced the technology and sells Skype handsets designed to encourage and promote the use of Skype on cellphones.

Newspaper Web site: www.nytimes.com

-London Bureau, Dow Jones Newswires; +44 (0)20 7842 9320 [ 01-09-09 0939GMT ]

Document DJI0000020090901e591000gq


First Trust Value Line Equity Allocation Index Fund drops on high volatility August 18, 2009 16:00:00 EDT

504 words
18 August 2009
Global Round Up - Exchange-Traded Funds
NBGRXF
English
Copyright 2009. News Bites Pty Ltd.      

GLOBAL ROUND UP

EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS

First Trust Value Line Equity Allocation Index Fund (FVI.P) traded between an intraday low of US$14.59 and a high of US$14.75. The ETF price dipped 11.0 cents (or 0.7%) to close at US$14.64.

PRICE VOLUME DYNAMICS

Relativities: in the ETF market of 1,147 ETFs traded today, the ETF has a 6-month relative strength of 55 which means it has outperformed 55% of the market. Also, the relative strength percentile is improving at 55 for 6 months, 56 for 3 months and 62 for 1 month.

Volume: there were 505 units worth US$7,393 traded. The volume was 0.2 times average trading of 3,080 units.

% Discount to high: the last price is at a discount of 21.4% to the 12-month high of US$18.63.

% Premium to low: the last price is at a premium of 48.0% to the 12-month low of US$9.89.

Volume weighted price (VWP): the price is about the same as its 1-month volume weighted average price of US$14.72.

SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

Trailing one week: the volume was 0.9 times average trading of 15,400 units.

Trailing one month: the volume was 0.4 times average trading of 67,760 units. The value of US$1,000 invested a month ago is US$1,066, for a capital gain of US$66 (or rise of 6.6%).

Trailing one year: the value of US$1,000 invested one year ago is US$789, for a capital loss of US$211. The total return to shareholders for 1 year is -21.1%.

PVUS$1000  1-month 1-year
FVI       US$1,066 US$789


ISSUED CAPITAL

Based on 450,000 issued units the market capitalisation is US$6.6 million.

DESCRIPTION

First Trust Value Line Equity Allocation Index Fund (the Fund) is an exchange-traded index fund. It seeks investment results that correspond generally to the price and yield of an equity index called the Value Line Equity Allocation Index (the Index). The Index is designed to objectively identify and select those stocks that appear to have the greatest potential for capital appreciation from the universe of stocks Value Line gives a Timeliness, Safety or Technical Ranking of one or two using the Value Line Ranking Systems. The universe of stocks is separated into large, mid and small cap categories. Stocks which do not meet certain daily trading volume and market cap criteria are eliminated. The remaining stocks are then divided into growth and value universes. Value Line determines the equity allocations among the six resulting style classifications. The Fund's investment advisor is First Trust Advisors L.P.

FUND MANAGERS AND MANAGEMENT FEES

The managers of the ETF are Robert Carey and Jon Erickson. The management fee is 0.5%.

Source: www.BuySellSignals.com

Document NBGRXF0020090818e58i000uf




NEWS
Jobless workers flock to COBRA ; Subsidy paying 65% of cost drives gains

Sandra Block      
504 words
18 August 2009
USA Today
USAT
FINAL
A.1
English
© 2009 USA Today.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.      All Rights Reserved.        

A federal subsidy designed to make health insurance more affordable for laid-off workers has led to a doubling in the number of people who have opted to continue their former employer's coverage.

The coverage, known as COBRA, allows people who leave their jobs to continue their former employer's health coverage for up to 18 months. In the past, they were required to pay the entire premium, plus a 2% administrative fee, making COBRA unaffordable for most unemployed workers.

But the economic stimulus package signed into law in February subsidizes 65% of COBRA premiums for some recipients -- workers laid off between Sept. 1, 2008, and the end of this year. That means the average family can continue COBRA coverage for $377 a month, vs. more than $1,000 a month without the government subsidies, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.

The result has been a doubling of enrollments, according to an analysis by Hewitt Associates, a human resources consulting firm. From March through June, the firm found monthly enrollment rates for eligible workers averaged 38%. It was only 19% for the period from September 2008 through February 2009. The analysis was based on enrollment rates at 200 large U.S. companies with 8 million employees.

Unemployment is at a 25-year high, and more than 14 million people are eligible for subsidized COBRA (Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act). If the jobless rate continues to rise, says Karen Frost, Hewitt's health and welfare outsourcing leader, "employers should expect and prepare for COBRA enrollments to remain at their inflated levels, particularly since the subsidy is available to those workers laid off through the end of 2009."

In the past, the vast majority of laid-off workers were unable to afford COBRA, says Ron Pollack, executive director of Families USA, a health care advocacy group. Without the subsidy, the average COBRA family premium consumes 84% of the average jobless worker's unemployment benefits, according to Families USA.

Employers also are seeing an increase in the number of dependents covered by COBRA, says Patricia Friedman, a senior consultant at Watson Wyatt, a human resources consulting firm.

Some employers have raised concerns that higher COBRA enrollments will increase their health care costs. Individuals who sign up for COBRA tend to file more claims than other workers, according to Edward Kaplan, national health practice leader at Segal, a human resources consulting firm, because they want to get as much medical treatment as possible before their coverage expires.

People who sign up for COBRA tend to have more medical problems than other covered workers. If the COBRA subsidy attracts more young and healthy workers, that would cut employers' overall costs. However, it's too soon to determine whether that's happening, Kaplan says. He predicts the jump in COBRA enrollment will boost costs, forcing some companies to raise their premiums next year.

GRAPHIC, Color, Veronica Salazar, USA TODAY, Source: Hewitt Associates (Bar graph)      

Document USAT000020090818e58i0000u




WELL-OFF FAMILIES RORT SYSTEM

Vernon SMALL        
504 words
18 August 2009
Dominion Post
DOMPOS
1
English
© 2009 Fairfax New Zealand Limited. All Rights Reserved.        

MORE than 9700 families receiving Working for Families credits own rental properties and are using losses on them to boost the amount they get from the taxpayer.

Other recipients of the scheme, introduced to help struggling families, are using trading companies, sheltered within trusts, to pocket tax credits even though they are earning well over $70,000, a high-powered review of the tax system has found.

The warnings, contained in Treasury advice to the Tax Working Group, throw doubt on the design of the previous Labour government's flagship tax credit scheme.

It says the rise in the top rate to 39 per cent in 1999 (since lowered to 38 per cent) and the introduction of Working for Families, which is calculated on taxable income and not total income, provided incentives to shelter or split income.

There has been an "obvious spike" in the number of taxpayers clustered around the previous top tax threshold of $60,000, indicating that trusts, companies and other savings vehicles were being used to shelter income from higher tax.

"There is also growing evidence that taxpayers that are not part of the target income group are receiving WFF tax credits by either reducing their 'income' as defined for WFF purposes and/or converting income into forms that are not treated as 'income' for WFF tax credit purposes."

There was also an incentive to maximise fringe benefits, such as using an employer's credit card. "This risk is particularly high with closely-held companies."

The group suggests income, not taxable income, could be the best way to assess the need for assistance.

A common way to rort the system was to set up a trading company within a trust. The company's income would be taxed but substantial amounts could be distributed from the trust and would not be taken into account for calculating Working for Families.

In one example, a couple with two dependent children set up a family trust to own a construction company.

The husband drew a salary of just $27,303, or $525.06 a week, in 2007 as managing director of the company. But he also drew $67,000 in recent years from the trust, as well as other advances to him and his wife.

The company earned taxable income of more than $770,000 and paid $139,000 in tax-paid dividends to the trust. But the family was able to qualify for $10,348 in Working for Families assistance in 2007.

The group has modelled five "fiscally neutral" options to address the problem, including dumping Working for Families and dropping the top tax rate to 23 per cent (or to 30 per cent with a universal payment per child of $2000), or targeting assistance more tightly to low and middle income earners.

It has also considered the effects of increasing GST to 15 per cent, 17.5 per cent or 20 per cent. The group will present its final report to the Government in December.

Document DOMPOS0020090817e58i00001




NYF Northwater Five-Year NAV is down 4.9% for July

Stockwatch
504 words
10 August 2009
Canada Stockwatch
CNSW
English
(c) 2009 Canjex Publishing Ltd.      

Northwater Five-Year Market-Neutral Trust (TSX:NYF)

Shares Issued 2,207,000

Last Close NYF.UN 8/7/2009 $5.10

Monday August 10 2009 - News Release

Mr. Mohamed Khaki reports

NORTHWATER FIVE-YEAR MARKET-NEUTRAL TRUST PRELIMINARY NET ASSET VALUE - JULY 31, 2009

The Northwater Five-Year Market-Neutral Trust's projected net asset value of the trust per unit, as at July 31, 2009, is $7.14. The return of the trust for the month of July is estimated at minus-4.9 per cent. The rolling 12-month return for the trust is approximately minus-36.89 per cent.

The trust had exposure to a portfolio of market-neutral hedge funds through its ownership of the Northwater Five-Year Market-Neutral Fund Ltd. For the month of July, 12 of the fund's 21 managers posted positive returns. Seven of the nine market-neutral strategies included within the fund's portfolio contributed positively to the bottom line. Specifically, the fund's convertible arbitrage managers, in aggregate, were the largest positive contributors to the estimated return of the trust for the month.

As announced in the press release in Stockwatch dated July 6, 2009, the trust has direct exposure to the fund of hedge funds from June 30, 2009. These funds are denominated primarily in U.S. dollars. In July 2009, the U.S. dollar depreciated against the Canadian dollar by 6.91 per cent.

In calculating the estimated return of the trust for the month and the net asset value of the trust, the trust relies on estimates provided by administrators and/or managers of each of the fund's underlying hedge funds. The estimates received by the fund's investment adviser from such administrators and/or managers of the fund's underlying hedge funds may differ from the final reported monthly returns of such underlying hedge funds.

The trust will firm up its net asset value per unit as reports from administrators and managers of the underlying hedge funds held by the fund are finalized. The final net asset value per unit of the trust will be provided to investors once it is available. It is possible that the final net asset value per unit and the final return of the trust for the month may differ from the preliminary estimates provided herein.

Subject to limits set out in the trust's prospectus, the trust is required to purchase its units in the market in the event that the market price of a unit of the trust falls below 95 per cent of the net asset value of the trust per unit. For the month of July, the trust purchased 55,100 units under this program.

Regular updates on the status of wind-up are provided through by way of press releases in Stockwatch, the most recent being on Aug. 4, 2009. Unitholders are encouraged to refer to these press releases for information on the wind-up.

Document CNSW000020090810e58a006em


iShares FTSEurofirst 100 hits year-high 5th time in three months August 05, 2009 17:30:00 CET

504 words
5 August 2009
Global Round Up - Exchange-Traded Funds
NBGRXF
English
Copyright 2009. News Bites Pty Ltd.      

GLOBAL ROUND UP

EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS

iShares FTSEurofirst 100 (IEUT.S) hit a 52-week high of CHF30.18 during the day. In the last three months the ETF has hit a new 52-week high five times, pointing to an uptrend. The ETF price rose 21.0c (or 0.7%) to close at CHF30.13.

Price Change % 1-day 1-month    1-year
IEUT            0.7%   13.1% Unchanged


TECHNICAL ANALYSIS

Relativities: in the ETF market of 1,092 ETFs traded today, the ETF has a 6-month relative strength of 12 indicating it is trailing 88.0% of the market.

PRICE VOLUME DYNAMICS

Volatility: the ETF traded between an intraday low of CHF30.0 and a high of CHF30.18.

Volume and turnover period: there were 16,300 units worth CHF491,119 (US$463,125.2) traded. The volume was 0.7 times average trading of 21,951 units. The turnover rate in the 12 months to date was 16.0% (or a turnover period of 6 years 3 months).

% Discount to high: the last price is at a discount of 0.2% to the 12-month high of CHF30.18.

% Premium to low: the last price is at a premium of 43.0% to the 12-month low of CHF21.07 five months ago on 02 Mar, 2009.

Volume weighted price (VWP): the price is equal to its 1-month volume weighted average price of CHF30.06.

SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

Trailing one week: the ETF rose twice (40% of the time), was untraded twice (40% of the time) and was unchanged once (20% of the time). The volume was 0.3 times average trading of 109,755 units.

Trailing one month: the ETF was untraded twenty times (87% of the time), rose twice (9% of the time) and was unchanged once (4% of the time). The volume was 0.3 times average trading of 482,922 units. The value of CHF1,000 invested a month ago is CHF1,131, for a capital gain of CHF131 (or rise of 13.1%).

PVCHF1000  1-month
IEUT      CHF1,131


ISSUED CAPITAL

Based on 3,120,000 issued units the market capitalisation is CHF94 million (US$88.6 million).

DESCRIPTION

iShares PLC - FTSEurofirst 100 is an open-end, UCITS III compliant exchange-traded fund. The objective of the Fund is to provide a total return, taking into account both capital and income returns, which reflects the return of the European equity market. The investment manager invest in a portfolio of European equity securities. The benchmark is the FTSE Eurotop 100 Index.

Currency Conversion: Swiss Franc CHF 1 = US$ 0.943 [or US$1=CHF 1.06]; Against the US$ the CHF declined 28.55 basis points (or 0.3%) for the day; advanced 2.6% for the week; added 2.2% for the month; jumped 12.8% in the past year. CHF 1 = 100c.

Source: www.BuySellSignals.com

Document NBGRXF0020090805e585000c6




Citadel Lets Some Clients Exit as Funds Thrive

Reuters      
504 words
4 August 2009
HedgeWorld News
HDGWR
English
(c) 2009      

CHICAGO (Reuters)-Hedge fund firm Citadel Investment Group will return $250 million to clients who asked to exit last year, but were locked in when its flagship funds lost more than half their value during the financial crisis.

The Chicago-based firm, which invests $12 billion, informed clients on Tuesday [Aug. 4] it plans to give back the money, roughly one-fifth of clients asked for last year, on Oct. 1. The firm also plans to make another distribution at the end of the year, according to an investor who asked not to be named.

Citadel was one of many hedge funds that blocked investors' exits last year by suspending redemptions Previous Reuters Story. Now it joins several other prominent funds in announcing plans to return the money, suggesting that the worst may be over for the $1.4 trillion hedge fund industry which suffered its biggest-ever losses and record outflows last year.

Normally, Citadel let its wealthy investors remove a portion of their assets every quarter. For years Citadel's top-flight returns helped the firm, founded by 40-year old investor Kenneth Griffin, take in more than $1 billion a year. But when its flagship funds tumbled 55% late in 2008, losing more than double the average fund's 19% drop, Citadel halted the requests for fear too much money would exit at once.

Citadel had already lost roughly $10 billion during last year's meltdown when many managers were forced to shut down, industry analysts have calculated.

The firm suspended redemptions in December. It and other prominent fund firms, including Tudor Investment Corp., argued that suspending redemptions were a necessary step to prevent hasty sales of illiquid and large positions that would disrupt already tumbling markets even more.

This year as the stock market rallied on hopes the global downturn would soon end, things began look up again for Citadel and other hedge funds.

"Particularly in the more distressed fixed income markets, there has clearly been a thaw and liquidity has improved," said Stewart Massey, who advises clients on hedge fund investments.

Improved liquidity conditions in general and top flight returns this year in particular-Citadel's Wellington and Kensington portfolios gained about 44% in the first seven months of the year-allowed the firm to honor some of last year's requests now.

In January, Mr. Griffin, a billionaire who started trading from his Harvard dormitory more than two decades ago, told investors he would return portions of the money when conditions allowed Previous Reuters Story. By the middle of the year, as the average fund returned about 7%, hedge fund managers said investors were now pulling less money out of hedge funds.

Dan Och, who runs $21.5 billion hedge fund firm Och-Ziff Capital Management Group, said on Tuesday he expects the redemption cycle to be mostly over.

"There may be some level of additional redemptions but the cycle is tapering off," he added.

By Svea Herbst-Bayliss 

Document HDGWR00020090805e58400009


Investors Chronicle - magazine and web content: Get up to 11.45 per cent guaranteed income.

Moira O'Neill      
504 words
4 August 2009
Investors Chronicle - Magazine and Web Content
INVR
English
Copyright (c) 2009 Investors Chronicle      

TAX TIP: Immediate vesting pensions are growing in popularity with retired investors looking to generate income

With the Bank of England's base rate remaining at 0.5 per cent and average one-year fixed savings rates paying just 3.04 per cent, investors are still scrambling for ways to generate income. One little known route that is increasing in popularity is to buy a pension and immediately convert it into an annuity. Known as an 'immediate vesting pension', this can generate an income of between 5.44 per cent and 11.44 per cent, depending on your age and gender.

Here's how it works: most investors aged between 50 and 75 are able to pay GBP3,600 into a pension each year. However, it's no longer necessary to be a taxpayer in order to receive tax relief on pension contributions, so you actually only need to pay in GBP2,880, and the government will add another GBP720, making a total of GBP3,600.

Investors then receive GBP900 back as a tax-free lump sum, reducing the effective cost down to just GBP1,980 (GBP2,880 minus GBP900).

Investors can receive their whole first year's income immediately, the amount of which is dependent on the investor's age. The older the investor is, the bigger the overall return as annuity rates increase with age.

The attractions are greater for higher-rate taxpayers because they get more tax relief from the government, contributing just GBP2,160 of the GBP3,600 themselves. Note, though, that you will have to claim the extra relief back via self-assessment.

Nigel Callaghan, pensions analyst with Hargreaves Lansdown says: "Investing GBP3,600 into an instant income pension will produce a far higher return than most savings accounts, giving beleaguered savers' income a much needed boost."

However, there are several possible downsides:

First, investors immediately forgo the capital that is invested. The income will stop upon their death. If that is before their average life expectancy, they may not have received their original investment back. The younger you are, the smaller the annual income paid out by your annuity and the longer you have to live to receive your original investment back.

Second, investors with small pension funds can opt to take their entire funds as a cash sum rather than having to purchase an income. The current overall limit is GBP16,500. If a payment into this arrangement means their total funds were more than GBP16,500, they would lose this lump sum options.

Third, the Revenue is concerned about investors recycling their pension tax-free lump sum (usually 25 per cent of the entire fund) to make further 'significant' contributions into pensions. However, Hargreaves Lansdown believes payments of under GBP3,600 are unlikely to breach these rules.

Also note that your annuity income is subject to income tax.

Instant Income Pension: What's the Rate of Return?

73239107

Document INVR000020090810e5840002m




Market Wrap - Money
$A climbs on rate rise possibility

Stephen Shore      
504 words
23 July 2009
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
26
English
Copyright 2009. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited.      

The Australian dollar hit a five-week high yesterday as the US reporting season continued to surprise with better than expected results and inflation data convinced investors that local interest rates are on the way up.

The currency hit a peak of US81.94¢ in early trade - the highest since June 12 - before paring gains to US81.46¢.

Westpac Banking Corp currency strategist Jonathan Cavenagh said the momentum created by US company reporting was dominating currency markets.

"Last week markets were nervous ahead of reporting season, but as soon as these companies' earnings started shooting the lights out in terms of expectations, all of a sudden risk is back on again," Mr Cavenagh said.

On Tuesday, Caterpillar, the biggest maker of earthmoving equipment, reporting earnings that tripled analyst estimates, adding to better than anticipated results from other corporate heavyweights such as Goldman Sachs.

US Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke said in testimony to Congress that the economy was showing signs of stabilising, though he also emphasised the risks to a recovery, such as rising unemployment.

Mr Cavenagh cautioned the strong earnings could be difficult to sustain, noting that the boost in many companies' bottom lines had been achieved through drastic cost cutting over the past year.

"From a company's point of view, cost cutting can only get you so far," he said. "Ultimately, these companies will need to improve revenue lines to keep profits up."

Consumer price index figures yesterday showed the headline inflation rate rose in line with market expectations to 0.5 per cent in the June quarter, taking the annual rate to 1.5 per cent.

Underlying inflation rose 0.8 per cent to 3.9 per cent for the year, above the RBA's 2 to 3 per cent target band.

Chief economist at Kinetic Securities Clifford Bennett said the numbers were supportive of his view that the Reserve Bank of Australia might be among the first central banks in the world to start raising rates at the end of this year.

Higher domestic interest rates attract foreign capital to Australia and drive up the local dollar.

Commonwealth Bank of Australia currency strategist Joseph Capurso said in a report that the local currency would rise to US84¢ by the end of 2009.

"Overseas developments are important influences on the Australian dollar. The currency market is becoming optimistic that the world economy has passed its low point," he said.

In other currency markets, the euro pared gains made against the US dollar on Tuesday, falling to $US1.4196, after hitting a two-month intraday high in overseas trade of $US1.4209. Gains in the euro have been predominantly driven by a weaker US dollar, but director of currency trading at GFT Kathy Lien said the euro could approach its year-to-date high of US43.40¢ on Thursday if French consumer spending data follows the lead of Germany's sharp rise in industrial production announced earlier in the week.

Document AFNR000020120101e57n00b7u




Investing
Dow 9000? So Close, Yet So Far

By Dan Burrows      
504 words
21 July 2009
02:01 PM
SmartMoney.com
SMRTO
English
© 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

Better-than-expected earnings results from some big blue-chip names have the Dow Jones Industrial Average on the brink of breaking the psychologically important 9000 level - and tying its longest winning streak in more than two years. But the Dow's ability to hit that key number will rely on the market's ability to get past some technical hurdles - and investors' willingness to keep bidding up stocks even as fundamentals remain tepid.

The Dow has gained some 700 points since July 10 thanks to a steady stream of upside quarterly earnings surprises from some major Dow components. Last week, Intel, International Business Machines and JPMorgan Chase gained ground on better-than-expected performances. So far this week, Caterpillar and Merck rallied after eclipsing Wall Street's average estimates, according to Thomson Reuters.

By week's end, 18 of the 30 Dow components will have reported quarterly earnings - and if they keep beating the Street in this fashion, the Dow should be poised to finish July with some impressive gains. Month-to-date the blue chip index is already up nearly 5%.

But as we move tantalizingly close to Dow 9000, several factors may keep it from meeting or even surpassing that hurdle.

One of the biggest issues? Investors have reversed their typical behavior. Usually the market "buys on the rumor and sells on the news," says Jeffery Kleintop, chief market strategist at LPL Financial, a Boston-based financial services firm. But recent gains have been fueled by the opposite of that old Wall Street saw, he says.

For example, stocks fell from mid-June through early July as investors sold equities on the "rumor" of a tough second-quarter earnings season. Then, last week, they started buying them again on the "news" that second quarter earnings don't look as bad as feared, says Kleintop.

But now that a slew of companies have surpassed Wall Street's low expectations - mainly through cutting costs - investors have recalibrated their expectations for the remainder of the earnings season. That will make it harder for stocks to advance, Kleintop says. The market just won't be as impressed with "less-bad-is-good," he says.

Another issue: Historically, companies that tend to report early in the earnings season are not very representative of the broader market, the strategist says. For example, technology stocks, which have been one of the stronger sectors this year, often report early in the season. Harder-hit sectors, notably retailers, mostly report at the end of earnings season - a factor that could cause the recent rally to peter out.

So will the Dow break 9000? On a technical basis, at least, the outlook is not so good. "We've had a number of times where the Dow has gotten to the 8800 level and not broken through," Kleintop says. "That level's not a hard wall, but as investors get closer to it we've seen waning enthusiasm and profit taking."

Document SMRTO00020110419e57l000vh




Tax Expert
Financial Post Investing
Tax policy: for better and worse

Jamie Golombek 
Financial Post
504 words
11 July 2009
National Post
FINP
National
FP11
English
(c) 2009 National Post . All Rights Reserved. 

For better or for worse, tax policy, aside from raising revenues for governments, can have a direct effect on societal behaviour.

Two recent examples, one from Canada and one from the United States, show just how such policies not only affect decisions individuals make, but can lead to tragic consequences.

For better On June 1, a Toronto bylaw came into force that requires city businesses to begin charging 5¢ for single-use plastic bags. While technically not a tax, as the revenues from the bag fee can be kept by the retailer, the imposition of even a small fee has already begun changing consumer behaviour --and not just in Toronto.

Montreal-based grocery giant Metro announced that the distribution of single-use grocery bags decreased by 70% at Metro grocery stores across Quebec and Ontario only four weeks after implementing a 5¢ plastic bag charge, while demand for reusable bags has increased by 500%.

The move was lauded by the Fondation quebecoise en environnement. "We have been promoting this ecofriendly measure for two years now and encourage consumers to choose reusable bags. We are certain that many other companies will follow Metro's example," said Claude Hill, the Fondation's vice-president of Finance.

For worse Tax policy, however, can also have a very different effect, as some experts are saying that a U. S. tax shelter may have partially contributed to last month's horrific Washington subway accident.

The tax shelter may have discouraged Washington's Metro from upgrading their subway cars.

The National Transportation Safety Board repeatedly urged Metro to replace or retrofit the older cars, but it refused, stating it was "constrained by tax advantage leases, which require that [it] keep the ... cars in service at least until the end of 2014."

In a typical tax-advantaged lease, equipment is purchased by a nonprofit entity and then sold to a taxable third-party and leased back. The third-party gets to claim tax depreciation on the cost of the equipment which it can use to reduce its taxable income. The non-profit entity, which is tax-exempt, receives cash in return.

According to Sarah Lawsky, a law professor at George Washington University, these "sale-leasebacks, which are purely tax-motivated transactions, may have locked Metro into using outdated and unsafe equipment."

The U. S. Congress shut down these "Sale-In-Lease-Outs" in 2004, but the legislation didn't cover existing leases.

In late June, Republican senator Chuck Grassley wrote to House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer requesting that language in any proposal to give the Washington Metro more funds would ensure that the money is used for upgrade of subway equipment and not to pay off the transit agencies' obligations to corporations, who use the agreements as tax shelters.

Jamie.Golombek@cibc.com - Jamie Golombek, CA, CPA, CFP, CLU, TEP is the Managing Director, Tax & Estate Planning with CIBC Private Wealth Management in Toronto.

Document FINP000020090711e57b00025




Personal Finance
SmartMoney Fund Screen / Multicaps

By Rob Wherry 
504 words
23 June 2009
The Wall Street Journal
J
D6
English
Copyright 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

When the stock market takes a prolonged tumble, there's an argument to be made that fund managers with the flexibility to invest across the market-capitalization spectrum have an edge over competitors that are confined to a certain niche. The rationale: These managers can easily move out of trouble spots and into areas with more growth potential, while the others can't help but get caught in the turmoil.

That's a key selling point for "go anywhere" funds or what Lipper tags as multicaps. These funds can invest in every corner of the stock market -- and that agility seems to be paying off. According to Lipper, the average multicap fund is up 7.1% this year through Thursday. That's almost five percentage points better than the typical S&P 500-stock index fund and second only to midcaps when it comes to mainstream fund category performance.

This week the fund screen focuses on this sector. We looked for no-load funds that charged below-average fees and have top-tier three- and five-year performance track records. Their 2009 return also had to exceed that of the S&P 500. That left us with the 22 funds.

---


                      Go Anywhere, Buy Anything 
 
  Having the flexibility to invest in any type of stock is paying off for 
these 22 funds. 
 
                            3-Year      5-Year 
                            Average     Average 
Name         Year-to-Date   Annual      Annual     Expense 
  (Ticker)      Return      Return      Return      Ratio 
 
Amana Growth 
  (AMAGX)        8.32%      -0.75%       7.21%       1.31% 
 
Auxier Focus 
  (AUXFX)        5.49       -1.92        1.32        1.35 
 
Baron iOpportunity 
  (BIOPX)       24.58       -2.22        2.45        1.42 
 
Becker Value Equity 
  (BVEFX)        3.56       -5.66        0.15        0.99 
 
Columbia Strategic Investor 
  (CSVFX)        8.59       -6.18       -0.12        1.01 
 
Croft Value 
  (CLVFX)       11.00       -5.48        1.76        1.48 
 
Fidelity OTC 
  (FOCPX)       26.05       -0.17        2.13        1.06 
 
Gabelli Asset 
  (GABAX)        4.87       -5.09        0.94        1.38 
 
Heartland:Select Value 
  (HRSVX)        6.53       -5.35        2.76        1.33 
 
Janus Contrarian 
  (JSVAX)        9.45       -5.68        3.40        1.01 
 
Janus Orion 
  (JORNX)       18.08       -3.10        4.44        0.93 
 
Manning &Napier Equity 
  (EXEYX)       13.64       -5.45        2.05        1.05 
 
Osterweis 
  (OSTFX)       10.31       -2.73        2.13        1.20 
 
Parnassus 
  (PARNX)       15.52       -3.14       -0.30        0.99 
 
Tocqueville 
  (TOCQX)        5.49       -6.49        0.65        1.25 
 
Transamerica Premier Diversified Equity 
  (TPVIX)        9.78       -5.74        0.44        1.15 
 
Transamerica Premier Focus 
  (TPAGX)       16.04       -2.99        2.44        1.37 
 
Wells Fargo Advantage Growth 
  (SGROX)       13.52       -2.66        1.89        1.44 
 
Westport 
  (WPFRX)        9.34       -1.23        4.43        1.37 
 
William Blair Growth 
  (WBGSX)       17.28       -2.35        2.02        1.17 
 
Yacktman Focused 
  (YAFFX)       29.09        4.94        5.03        1.25 
 
Yacktman 
  (YACKX)       24.48        2.48        3.44        0.95 
 
  Note: Data as of June 18, 2009 
 
  Source: Lipper 
 

Document J000000020090623e56n0000e


Finance
Should we cash in our annuities?

GLENN TODMAN      
504 words
21 June 2009
Sunday Mail
SUNMAI
1 - State
93
English
Copyright 2009 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

Q MY wife (70) and myself (73) have lost a considerable amount of our super over the past year. Our concern is that at our age we will not recoup our lost capital and accrued interest. We have been retired six years and until the rules on annuities changed recently we have, and still are, only drawing the required amount each month.

We have been considering transferring our allocated annuity to fixed-term deposits and I have some casual work from which I get periodic income. If the annuities are converted to cash, it would put our total term deposits up to about $173,000. We have no other assets. Although our fortnightly income may be less, the upside is we will not lose any more capital and will benefit as interest rates rise, as no doubt they will. Is there a better way to approach this problem?

IF you withdraw the funds totally the proceeds will become deemed under the income test rules. At current rates that would not have altered your pensions, but it depends on how much income you also earn from work, as to whether your pension will reduce. You could check with your fund provider to see if it has a term deposit as one of the fund investment options. That way you can retain the fund, continue to draw the income and receive the favourable income test treatment that allocated pensions and annuities currently have.

Well placed to retire

Q MY husband is 57 and I am 55. We would like to retire in two or three years but wonder if this is possible. He has about $550,000 in super, I have about $190,000. We have a share portfolio currently worth about $230,000. Our home is freehold and we also own an investment property. My husband is contributing to super via salary sacrifice. Are we on track?

WITH an investment portfolio valued in excess of $1 million you are well placed for a comfortable retirement. However, it does depend on how much income you want to draw each year.

Make sure your husband maximises his salary sacrifice contributions, bearing in mind the new $50,000 a year limit for people over 50 from July 1 (which include Super Guarantee contributions). Any income from the share portfolio could be added to super as a non-concessional contribution. You could also consider redeeming some, or all, of the share portfolio after retirement for further investment into super. If you want to maintain sharemarket exposure you can do this within the super fund.

Glenn Todman is a director and authorised representative of Goldsborough Financial Services Ltd, Australian Financial Services Licence No. 225330. His advice should be considered as an opinion. Readers should consider engaging their own personal financial advisers. Questions and answers may have been edited for length. Write to: Business Editor, Sunday Mail, GPO Box 339, Adelaide 5001, oryourmoney@sundaymail.com.au

SUM-20090621-1-093-478565

Document SUNMAI0020090620e56l0004s




Finance
Employees `go with flow' on super

Sara Rich        
504 words
16 June 2009
The Australian
AUSTLN
3 - All-round Metro
21
English
Copyright 2009 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved        

--- Investment ---

MOST workers appear indifferent towards their super, despite the global financial crisis savaging their retirement savings.

A review of 12 million member accounts by independent research house SuperRatings shows that just 3.4 per cent of pre-retirement super savings have been transferred from medium- or high-risk portfolios to safer cash-style investments in the past year.

This is in contrast to those who have retired, where many pension fund members have reduced their exposure to riskier investment options.

The level of retirees' savings in cash climbed from 3.7 per cent a year ago to 14.5 per cent at the end of April.

SuperRatings managing director Jeff Bresnahan said the findings suggested most workers were ``still just going with the flow and not making any active choice''.

Supporting this assumption, he said, was the fact the bulk of workers' savings (82 per cent) continued to be invested in the default options of super funds, which were often set as balanced or growth portfolios.

This is down 3.9 per cent from the previous year's figure of 85.9per cent.

Retirees, on the other hand, have invested a total of only 63.3per cent of their savings in medium- to high-risk investments. Last financial year, balanced superannuation options lost an average of 6.4 per cent, while for the 2008 calendar year they lost 19.7 per cent as the global financial crisis wreaked havoc on local and international equity markets.

Despite staging a remarkable recovery in April of 3.06 per cent -- the strongest monthly return this century -- most super funds are expected to post a second financial year loss.

At the end of April, the returns of balanced super options for this financial year were down an average of 13.71 per cent.

``Despite reading that super funds will suffer their second negative annual return in a row, many Australians still have this misguided perception that it is affecting everyone else but them,'' Mr Bresnahan said. ``When the June 30 statements hit letterboxes from July to September, the reality might just start to kick in.''

Investment options such as Australian and international shares -- largely perceived to be mainstream choices -- have also been unpopular among workers, with just 2 per cent and 1 per cent of retirement savings invested in these options, respectively.

Similarly, property and fixed interest investments attract less than 1 per cent of workers' money.

However, Mr Bresnahan admitted that people could have done themselves a favour by remaining indifferent.

``In fact, the general apathy has probably assisted most through not providing them with the temptation to switch and try to time the markets,'' he said.

``Given the 25 per cent-plus sharemarket rebound over the past three months, such apathy could actually be a blessing in disguise.''

--- The graph "Pension fund investors' allocation by option type" is not available in text-only format. Please see PDF of page for details ---

AUS-20090616-3-021-705872

Document AUSTLN0020090615e56g000e5




Tax Expert
Financial Post Investing
Hot tubs, drapes and the HRTC

Jamie Golombek      
Financial Post
504 words
13 June 2009
National Post
FINP
National
FP12
English
(c) 2009 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

Open up any Canadian newspaper or magazine these days and you are sure to stumble across at least one advertisement promoting the new temporary Home Renovation Tax Credit (HRTC) announced in January's federal budget.

With summer soon upon us, and many contemplating renovation projects to their homes or cottages, it's a good time to revisit some of the finer aspects of the HRTC.

First the basics: For 2009 only, individuals can claim a 15% non-refundable tax credit for eligible expenditures made in respect of their homes. The credit applies to any expenditure above $1,000, up to $10,000. As a result, the value of this new federal credit is equal to a maximum of $1,350 ($10,000 -$1,000 X 15%). Only expenditures made after Jan. 27, 2009, and before Feb. 1, 2010, are eligible for the 2009 credit.

Most of the questions I've fielded to date on the new HRTC deal with which expenses qualify.

The Canada Revenue Agency says any expenditure that is "incurred in relation to a renovation or alteration ... provided that the renovation or alteration is of an enduring nature and is integral to the eligible dwelling" qualifies for the HRTC.

This would include the cost of labour and professional services, as well as building materials, fixtures, equipment rentals and permits.

Examples of non-qualifying expenses include the cost of routine repairs and maintenance that are generally done on annual (or more frequent) basis, as well as appliances, furniture, drapery or audiovisual electronics. And specifically excluded are interest expenses associated with financing a renovation.

Last month, the CRA was specifically asked by a taxpayer whether hot tubs would be eligible for the HRTC. The CRA responded that it depends on the type of hot tub you are buying. The "plug-and-play" type of hot tubs, which come ready to use with a cord connected (so do not require a permanent electrical connection), would not qualify for the HRTC. By contrast, the larger, heavier type of hot tubs that are permanently positioned and hard-wired to the electrical panel would qualify "as they appear to be enduring in nature and integral to the eligible dwelling."

Another taxpayer asked whether the cost of "window coverings" was eligible for the HRTC. In responding, the CRA reiterated the basic principle that items that are affixed to an eligible dwelling and cannot be moved without altering their value or usefulness, would generally be considered "integral to the dwelling" and would qualify for the HRTC. In short, "fixtures" are eligible.

The CRA concluded that any window coverings, such as blinds, shutters and shades, which are directly attached to the window frame and whose removal would alter the nature of the dwelling, qualifies for the HRTC, while draperies or curtains don't qualify.

-Jamie Golombek, CA, CPA, CFP, CLU, TEP is the managing director, tax and estate planning with CIBC Private Wealth Management in Toronto.

Document FINP000020090613e56d0001w




Observer Cash Pages
INSURANCE NFU Mutual promises 20% loyalty bonus: CURRENT ACCOUNTS Abbey and Alliance raise interest to 6%: BORROWING HSBC's remortgage fix comes at a price: INFESTATIONS One in three homes attacked by vermin

504 words
7 June 2009
The Observer
OB
12
English
© Copyright 2009.    The Observer.    All rights reserved.      

More than 850,000 NFU Mutual insurance customers will qualify for a loyalty bonus equivalent to between 12% and 20% off their premiums next year.

It will be the 11th year that the insurer has paid this bonus to its customers, with twice as many expected to benefit in 2010 than did this year. All customers renewing their general insurance policies - including motor, home, business and horse cover - will qualify.

The amount received depends on how long the policy has been in force. Anyone who is renewing for the first time will get a 12% discount, while someone renewing for the fifth time will get 20% off their premium.

Alliance & Leicester and Abbey are increasing the credit interest on their current accounts to 6% for customers applying from tomorrow. The rate, on Abbey's Preferred In-Credit Rate account and Alliance & Leicester's Premier Direct and Premier 50 accounts, applies to the first pounds 2,500 and is fixed for a year, after which it will drop to 1%.

Although this is the highest rate on the market, some may be better off with Halifax's Reward Account, said Andrew Hagger of Moneynet.co.uk. "As long as you pay in pounds 1,000 a month, you'll receive a monthly payment of pounds 5 (pounds 60 a year) irrespective of your balance."

HSBC is relaunching its promise to match or beat homeowners' current mortgage rate, but the deal comes with fees of up to pounds 4,700. The Rate Matcher mortgage is available to borrowers on deals with rates as low as 2.49% if they are prepared to fix their mortgage for two to five years and want a mortgage of pounds 250,000 or less, worth up to 75% of the value of their home. The 2.49% rate will be available only as a two-year fix - the lowest rate for anyone wanting to fix for five years will be 4.24%. Someone with a pounds 250,000 mortgage and equity of 25% will pay pounds 4,699 to fix at 2.49% for two years. From tomorrow, HSBC's website will provide a calculator to compare fees and rates.

Wet and humid seasons, flooding, fewer bin collections. . . all have been blamed for the increase in vermin and other nasties entering our homes in the past year. According to research from Confused.com, just over a third of homeowners have suffered from pests in their homes, with bees and wasps topping the list, followed by pigeons, mice, squirrels and rats.

Some insurance policies do cover infestations though often only as an "add-on". "Check your policy, as the warm weather doesn't only bring the sun-loving Brits out of the woodwork," advises Confused.com's head of home insurance, Darren Black.

Document OB00000020090606e5670001u


Business
Marketplace: Reversing boomers misfortune

JULIA ANDERSON      
JULIA ANDERSON
504 words
7 June 2009
The Columbian
CLBN
E.1
English
© 2009 The Columbian. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved.      

Gary Brooks and Allyn Hughes use before and after photos of the eruption of Mount St. Helens to illustrate the massive meltdown of retirement savings of baby boomers the 75 million Americans born in the years following World War II who now must adjust to the new economy.

Prior to 2008, boomers thought they were doing all the right things to pursue a satisfying, financially secure retirement, say financial planners Brooks and Hughes. They contributed to retirement accounts, lived within their means and looked forward to a certain lifestyle. Now, as a result of the losses from the bear market of 2008-2009, they must ReDesign their retirement planning and investments to align their money with their life goals and values.

Hughes and Brooks, who grew up in Battle Ground and now lives and works in Tacoma, have built a Web site at www.FinancialLifeRedesign.com offering psychological support and investment considerations for boomers whom they call ReDesigners.

As weve experienced over the past year, ideal plans are susceptible to eruption, they say. This destruction forces ReDesigners to make changes and develop new investment habits. They offer these considerations:

* Markets have historically rebounded strongly once they turn out of bear troughs.

* Safe assets can be misunderstood. A certificate of deposit may be safe, but over time you lose ground to inflation.

* Dont expect the average return it doesnt exist. From 1974 to 2008, the average return of large-company U.S. stocks, was 10.02 percent. But in any given year, that return (or lack of it) can be far different. So consider pushing back retirement. Build a budget you can live with during good and bad years and consider how a part- time job in retirement might help bridge the gap between income and living costs.

* Hollow victories can be important. A loss of 30 percent of retirement investment value is far better than a 50-percent loss. Recovery time will be years shorter.

* Diversification and asset allocation are still the biggest factors in overall risk and return expectations. Its important to compare holdings and recognize gaps and overlaps.

* Investment strategy changes significantly when you flip the switch from accumulation to retirement distribution. Inflation, risk factors, life expectancy and steady cash flow must be taken into account.

* Maximizing Social Security can make a huge difference in lifetime income. It may pay to wait to retire.

Short timeline?

If you face retirement in a few years, the Web site offers 14 potential recommendations for how to handle the situation.

Among the most obvious: Delay retirement, build an ideal and an acceptable retirement budget, determine how much you can save before leaving your job and re-evaluate your tolerance for future market fluctuations. Brooks and Hughes say the way boomers change their savings and investment habits as a result of the meltdown will change the American economy.

Julia Anderson is The Columbians business editor. Reach her at 360-735-4509 or julia.anderson@columbian.com.

Document CLBN000020090610e56700003




Investing
A New Way to Play Corporate Bonds

By Elizabeth O'Brien      
504 words
1 June 2009
02:01 PM
SmartMoney.com
SMRTO
English
© 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

In the mundane but increasingly important world of bond ratings, it's getting lonely at the top as the ranks of AAA-rated companies dwindles to a handful. But bond buyers don't have to sit on the sidelines-as long as they're willing to invest in bonds with slightly lower ratings but higher yields.

Once the gold standard of safety, the AAA rating told investors that a company was in good health and would almost certainly not default on its bonds. But Standard & Poor's, one of the three main ratings agencies along with Fitch and Moody's, has steadily reduced the number of AAA-rated public companies to just six, down from 27 a decade ago. (You'll recognize the names: Automatic Data Processing, Exxon Mobil, Johnson & Johnson, Microsoft, Pfizer and Berkshire Hathaway.) Other agencies haven't even been that generous. Fitch and Moody's downgraded Berkshire (ironically, Berkshire owns 20 percent of Moody's). Pfizer, meanwhile, could get downgraded this year, according to S&P. In March, General Electric lost its AAA status, a distinction the company had held since 1956. "It's a dying breed," says Bob Persons, manager of the MFS Bond fund.

This rash of downgrades isn't setting off many alarms in corporate America. In fact, analysts have even stopped looking at AAA firms as a class unto themselves, given that some don't even issue long-term debt. Plus, as companies are under more pressure than ever to deliver strong financial results to shareholders, many firms are deciding that maybe it's not the best strategy to "manage to the AAA rating," says Diane Vazza, head of global fixed-income research for S&P. UPS, for example, decided early last year that shareholders would be better served if the company increased its debt to buy back shares, boosting the earnings per share but relinquishing its AAA rating.

But from the investors' standpoint, the loss in AAA-tier firms is changing their bond strategy. With the top-tier firms nearly nonexistent, the second tier becomes the new hot spot. Cable company Comcast and retailer CVS are both BBB-plus-rated companies, for instance, with recession-resistant businesses and bonds that yield 7.8 percent and 5.8 percent, respectively. By contrast, similar AAA-rated Johnson & Johnson bonds yield 5 percent. Indeed, while defaults on the whole are expected to rise, analysts say investors who stick with BBB companies in food, cable and utilities don't risk that much in exchange for higher yields. Another good example: Kraft Foods, which yields 6.3 percent.

Think twice about going too far down the bond chain. "Never has there been a brighter demarcation between investment grade and junk bonds," Persons says. "Junk" and high-yield debt carry yields as high as 20 percent, since those firms have a higher risk of default. If that happens, an investor could wind up with nothing.

Document SMRTO00020110419e561000kc




Govt will consider cigarette tax: Bowen

AAP
504 words
14 May 2009
AAP Bulletins
AAPBLT
English
© 2009 Australian Associated Press Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

The Rudd government may consider Malcolm Turnbull's idea to increase the cost of cigarettes - but only after its Henry review on taxation reports back.

Assistant Treasurer Chris Bowen criticised the opposition leader for failing to support any of Labor's savings measures and for opposing its plan to means test the 30 per cent private health insurance rebate.

"Tonight from Mr Turnbull we got 30 minutes of negativity and a plan for two committees," he told reporters.

The opposition is offering to replace the forecast $1.9 billion in savings that would come from paring back access to the private health insurance rebate with a 12.5 per cent increase in the tobacco excise - a tax of three cents per cigarette.

But Mr Bowen said Mr Turnbull's idea couldn't be taken seriously.

And he challenged him to consider supporting the alcopops tax if he believed in raising taxes as a health measure.

"If he wants to be taken seriously on that, get behind the government's alcopops measures, only then can he be taken seriously," Mr Bowen said.

When pressed on whether the government would consider the cigarette tax proposal, Mr Bowen said all taxes were being considered as part of the Henry review.

"We will consider this in light of all recommendations to the Henry review," he said.

"We certainly think there's a place for a discussion about the role of tax in health measures ... that's why we are open to the idea, if the Henry review recommends it, of changes to the tax regime of cigarettes."

Mr Bowen said the coalition hadn't offered up any serious alternatives to reduce the deficit.

"Mr Turnbull has been banging on about debt for weeks, he's been saying that debt should be lower, he's been saying the deficit should be lower but he didn't nominate a figure tonight," he said.

"Not only that, he didn't nominate a plan to get a lower figure, in fact he left the door open for a higher figure.

"He indicated a lack of support ... for Labor's savings measures and he proposed new spending measures."

Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner said despite Mr Turnbull's repeated attacks on the budget deficit, he had not offered no solutions to reduce debt other than suggesting a tax increase.

"Tonight we've had the budget reply speech from Malcolm Turnbull, and the proposals he's put forward in the budget reply would not reduce our deficit or our debt by one cent," he told the ABC's Q&A program.

"The only savings measure that he has put forward ... is a tax increase.

"So for all of their posturing and bluster about these things, not one serious saving, no plan, no strategy to tackle the jobs issue, no strategy to tackle the investing for the future of the nation issue.

"All we had was this empty rhetoric and not one cent off debt or deficit."

Document AAPBLT0020090514e55e000jh




Money & Jobs:    Letter to Money:
No bonding over bonds

Answer by Jessica Gorst-Williams 
504 words
10 May 2009
The Sunday Telegraph
STEL
002
English
The Sunday Telegraph © 2009. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

I invested pounds 55,000 in a Post Office Growth Bond at the then interest rate of 7.05pc. Some six weeks after that, the Post Office wrote asking for several issues to be clarified.

It was not exactly clear from its letter what these were and the helpful staff at my local post office telephoned and established the problem was that my date of birth had not been correctly recorded. This was corrected with the return of a new form.

Since then Post Office Limited has written and asked me for new information, which it already had on my original form. I am now five months into my bond and have not had any documentation or confirmation in writing that it is opened.

To all intents and purposes my pounds 55,000 investment is floating in the ether and I have no idea what is happening.

PR,

Canterbury, Kent

I had pounds 25,671 made payable to the Post Office and took this cheque and completed an application form.

I placed the money in a one-year, fixed-rate growth bond paying 7.05pc gross.

About three weeks later I telephoned to find out what was happening and was told there was a delay, but I would be hearing something shortly. About another week later I telephoned again. This time I was told it had received my cheque and it would reply the next week.

I was later told that, although it had my cheque, it did not have a copy of the application form, and would I send another.

GS,

Worcs

Events of this ilk have become a familiar pattern. PR's bond is now open and interest is being backdated to when funds were received. Moreover, as my Post Office contact assures me also applies to other customers who have voiced concerns having experienced similar delays, PR is being allowed to let the bond run for the full year from the date it was actually opened. This means PR can have this rate of interest for just over five extra months should he choose to. PR has now accepted pounds 50 for goodwill.

GS suffered various hitches until asked to verify her identity. I understand the bond is set up and GS has pounds 75 in full and final settlement.

PN of Preston is another of the readers who, having done what they could to see that things were put right, at last wrote to me. PN had applied to open a growth bond with an pounds 8,000 cheque. He was also, many weeks later, asked to provide extra proof of identity. Then the provider tried to reject the account. My involvement led to it reinstating the application and promising to open the bond with interest fully backdated and pay pounds 100 for goodwill.

As PN failed to provide a phone number, I have not been able to check all is exactly as he wanted

Document STEL000020090510e55a00016


Intuit CEO Talks to MU Students About Changing Business World

Paul Darst      
504 words
8 May 2009
State Journal
TSJ
12
Volume 25; Issue 19; ISSN: 15218767
English
© 2009 State Journal. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved.      

HUNTINGTON - Brad Smith sees more storm clouds forming on the horizon before the sun shines again.

But students who will graduate from Marshall University this weekend should look to the future with hope, said Smith, president and CEO of Intuit, the company that produces TurboTax and other financial software packages.

"This is a chance for me to come back and talk to (students) and give them hope," he said. "There are storm clouds on the horizon, but I have a message of hope."

Smith, a Marshall graduate and Kenova native, spoke May 1 during the university's Honors Convocation. He spent part of the day talking to students.

He wants to leave students with no delusions about the recession; he believes things will get a little worse before they get better. But he stressed things will get better, and today's college students are prepared to thrive when they do.

"They are the digital generation," he said. "They grew up with iPods and PlayStations. There are technological shifts where computing is moving to a cell phone in the palm of our hand, and this is a generation that types 60 words per minute with their thumbs."

The worldwide recession likely will force some big changes in the business world, Smith said. Those changes will make the business world stronger.

Several trends are developing in the business world today, Smith said.

They include globalization technological shifts and the arrival of the digital generation, those who were raised with digital technology at their fingertips. To survive, the business world must embrace the changes that are coming.

"It's a more global economy, and this generation understands that," Smith said. "They are the most diverse generation we've ever grown up with. They don't think about race, gender, sexual orientation. They completely embrace everyone as an opportunity."

That is a great strength this generation brings to the table, and it will help them tackle the challenges of the future, Smith said.

Intuit, meanwhile, has been steady during the economic storm, Smith said. The company produces software that is at least somewhat recession proof. Businesses and individuals, he said, still must file their taxes even when the economy is sluggish.

"It's all relative," he said. "... The products we make help people save and make money, and they typically cost only $20 to $30."

In addition to TurboTax. Intuit also produces the personal finance software Quicken and accounting software QuickBooks.

Smith became president and CEO of Intuit in January 2008. Prior to that, he worked his way up the corporate ladder at Pepsi, Advo and other companies. He attributes his success to the values he learned while growing up in Kenova.

"I've carried three lessons from here: humility, integrity and teamwork," Smith said. "That's what's enabled me to achieve anything I've ever been able to accomplish, and it's all attributable to our hometown."

Copyright State Journal Corporation May 8, 2009

Document TSJ0000020090605e5580000f




Local
Call to stop making people retire at 65

Stephen Lunn, Social affairs writer      
504 words
27 April 2009
The Australian
AUSTLN
1 - All-round Country
4
English
Copyright 2009 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

GOVERNMENT policy should stop treating 65 as the ``magical age'' for retirement and start dealing with the reality that many older Australians want or need to stay in the workforce longer.

And while employers will have to take steps to survive in the short term during the global economic crisis, they must be aware that a skills shortage inevitably looms early in the next decade as fewer workers replace the retiring baby boomers.

Bruce Rigby, an international expert on retirement who works for consultants Mercer in Britain, has been in Australia to warn employers of the need to juggle short-term business decisions with medium- to long-term goals of retaining and developing skills.

Mr Rigby told The Australian the Rudd Government's preparedness to examine the retirement issue via the Henry review into taxes and pensions was a step better than most other developed countries.

But the issue is intractable and policy needs adjustment, he says.

``A UN report recently predicted that by 2050 the number of people aged 60 or above will be 32per cent compared to 21 per cent now in developed countries and from 8per cent to 20 per cent in the developing world,'' Mr Rigby said.

``In Australia, the old-age dependency ratio (the number of over-65s to 15-64 year olds) in 2007 was 19 per cent. By 2050 it's projected to be 40 per cent. That's twice as many people potentially requiring state benefits pensions.

``These numbers have profound implications for labour markets, consumer demand, politics, social structures. You basically have a totally different shape of the population. It will require new approaches and responses from both government and the private sector.''

One such change will be a demand to phase in retirement over several years, he said, but in Australia there are policy disincentives to such an approach.

Tim Jenkins, head of retirement for Mercer in Australia, said the Henry review was a golden opportunity to review these disincentives in the wake of many Australians losing substantial proportions of their anticipated superannuation as a result of the global economic downturn.

``Many people now realise they just can't afford to retire when they thought they would be able to,'' Mr Jenkins said.

``Currently 65 is seen as some sort of magical age at which we should retire. And the age pension system discourages people from working on past 65 by reducing their pensions if they continue to work. But people are living so much longer, and therefore going to be retired for so much longer than they used to be, so this must be re-examined.''

Mercer's submission to the Henry Review proposes an increase in the retirement age from 65 to 67 by 2025. It also proposes that a portion of any super benefit must be taken as an income stream rather than in a lump sum until at least age 85.

AUS-20090427-1-004-989519

Document AUSTLN0020090426e54r0000s




Discover your retirement options at the lifestyle expo

By The Canberra Times      
504 words
26 April 2009
Canberra Times
CANBTZ
37
English
(c) 2009 The Canberra Times      

THE annual Canberra Retirement and Lifestyle Expo, which is sponsored by the ACT Government, is on again and it will be full of great options for retirement living. Last year's expo was a huge success receiving high acclaim from exhibitors and visitors alike. The expo will be held at Exhibition Park in Canberra from May 15 to 17 with the added benefits for visitors of free parking and close proximity to public transport. This large scale event promises to again be extremely popular with visitors. It is the biggest ever event staged in Canberra for people more than 40 years of age and it serves the specific needs of people either planning for their retirement or those who have already retired. More and more people now understand the importance of retirement issues and this expo provides the answers to questions on all aspects of achieving a quality lifestyle. More than 120 exhibitors will be taking part in this informative and fun event.

 Everything you want and need to know about planning for a worry-free retirement and an active fun retirement lifestyle can be found at this expo. For the first time the NRMA Insurance ACT Volunteer of the Year Awards will be announced at the expo. The awards will be made by Volunteering ACT patron, Margaret Reid, at a special presentation on the Main Stage at 10.15am, Friday, May 15. The expo also runs annually in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane

and has proved to be a resounding success gaining widespread approval and acknowledgement as being a premier consumer event. They say that retirement is all about great places to live, great holidays to enjoy, wonderful recreation and leisure interests, money in the bank or invested and the good health to have it all. This pretty much sums up what the Retirement and Lifestyle Expo is all about - providing visitors with a 'smorgasbord' of ideas, options and choices and at this year's expo, visitors will be able to see, compare and experience everything to do with retirement.The expo is designed to be very public interactive with product demonstrations, stage performances, information seminars and many features and attractions.

Almost 30 per cent of all Australians are over the age of 40 and there is a continuing trend of a growing mature age population. The Retirement and Lifestyle Expo is a one-stop-shop for not only people seeking advice on issues relating to a happy, active and hassle-free retirement, but is equally important to the younger caring families of retirees. 'Retirement' is no longer a dirty word, instead it is now perceived as important and positive. With so many people now needing to plan for their retirement as well as the huge market of those who have already retired, this expo is not only timely but has significant importance to the wider community. The expo will run from May 15 to 17 at Canberra's Exhibition Park.

12346727

Document CANBTZ0020090425e54q0001z




Personal Finance
Annuity Payments Using a Roth IRA Are Tax-Free

By Kelly Greene      
504 words
11 April 2009
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
B2
English
Copyright 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

What are the tax implications of using a Roth IRA to purchase an immediate fixed annuity? Are the payments entirely tax-free?

Michael Smith, Dallas

As long as you meet the holding and age requirements for a Roth individual retirement account, your annuity payments should be tax-free.

Many retirees are considering immediate fixed annuities these days. Generally, you hand over a large chunk of money to an insurer, which issues you a monthly check for life. The appeal in a recession is that annuity payments could soften hits suffered by your other investments. (The main drawbacks: Once you hand over your money to the insurer, you generally can't get it back. And your fixed payments might not keep up with inflation.)

With a Roth IRA, any withdrawals are voluntary and generally come out tax-free, as long as you meet certain requirements. And heirs to Roth accounts can stretch withdrawals, generally tax-free, across their life expectancies.

You can withdraw your contributions at any time with no penalty or tax. But to withdraw earnings without a penalty, you typically must hold the account for five years and be at least 59½ years old. (Alternative ways to qualify are in the IRS's Publication 590, "Individual Retirement Arrangements," at irs.gov. It also spells out the holding rules for assets converted from other accounts.)

Roths have been available only since 1998, so many accounts are relatively small. But starting Jan. 1, 2010, the income limit for converting traditional IRA assets to a Roth -- $100,000 a year -- will be eliminated under a law enacted in 2006. At that point, Roth balances are expected to increase as people convert pretax assets from other retirement accounts. (For 2010 conversions, you can spread the conversion amount over your 2011 and 2012 tax returns.)

As Roth accounts increase in size, using them to buy plain-vanilla annuities might make sense for a portion of conservative retirees' nest eggs, said Jeffrey Landers, an investment adviser with Wachovia Securities in New York.

A Roth annuity could assuage two of the three top concerns his retired clients have, he said: outliving their income and future tax increases. He suggests addressing the other big retirement worry, inflation, by using 25% to 30% of a nest egg to buy an annuity covering basic expenses, and continuing to invest the rest in a diversified way.

Or, if you are willing to accept a slightly smaller annuity payout, you could buy an annuity with annual raises.

Of course, if you purchase an annuity, payments usually end with your death. Thus, if you use a Roth IRA to buy an annuity, your heirs might not get to enjoy one of its best features -- a tax-free inheritance.

To hedge your bets, you could buy an annuity with your Roth that guarantees payouts for a set time period, such as 10 years.

Write to Kelly Greene at kelly.greene@wsj.com 

Document WSJO000020091007e54b0070r




News
Bonuses for pension fund staff draw ire of Missouri senators Committee votes to cut $300,000 from state's contribution to retirement fund.

BY VIRGINIA YOUNG vyoung@post-dispatch.com > 573-635-6178      
504 words
7 April 2009
St. Louis Post-Dispatch
SLMO
Third Edition
A1
English
Copyright 2009, St. Louis Post-Dispatch.    All Rights Reserved.      

0

JEFFERSON CITY - A Missouri Senate committee on Monday signaled its strong disapproval of bonuses that a state pension fund recently gave to its investment staff.

The Senate Appropriations Committee voted to cut $300,000 from the state's contribution to the Missouri State Employees Retirement System.

Chairman Gary Nodler, R-Joplin, said the committee took the step to send the pension system "a strong message that we don't approve" of $300,000 in bonuses that the system gave out.

"A bonus should be a reward for an increase, a net gain," Nodler said.

The Post-Dispatch reported Sunday that the system, known as MOSERS, distributed about $300,000 in bonuses to 14 staff members, even as the pension fund lost nearly $1.8 billion.

The biggest check went to Chief Investment Officer Rick Dahl, who received $114,000. The next-largest bonus was $29,400 for the system's hedge funds manager.

Pension officials said that while the fund declined 23.9 percent in last year's stock market meltdown, Missouri's system lost less than comparable portfolios.

Under the incentive plan, Missouri's performance is compared to a benchmark consisting of a blend of market indexes. Over the last five years, MOSERS' annualized return was 3.9 percent, beating the benchmark by 1.62 percent. As a result, MOSERS saved the state nearly $600 million, according to the plan's executive director, Gary Findlay.

Nodler said he was "not buying that." He said managers don't deserve bonuses when the fund loses money except "maybe in the Alice-in-Wonderland world. But we don't live in the Alice-in-Wonderland world."

"I don't see an appreciable difference in this and the bonuses at the federal level" involving AIG, Nodler added. "It's basically the same issue - bonuses being given for depleting funds. Most people are offended by bonuses being given to losing propositions."

The retirement system covers about 55,000 state employees and 30,000 retirees in departments ranging from the Department of Conservation to the Water Patrol.

Employees make no contributions to their pensions. The system is funded entirely from investment income and taxpayer money. Last year, state taxpayers paid about $250 million to the pension system.

Nodler's concerns followed criticism by Gov. Jay Nixon, who has called the bonuses "unconscionable."

Nixon said the retirement system's pay plan lacked "transparency" and was "especially galling" because other state workers are likely to get no raises this year. He said the bonus system is broken and he plans to fix it.

Nodler said he would wait to see how the retirement system responds to the committee's action. His committee is wrapping up its version of the state budget. After the Senate approves it, any differences must be worked out with the House.

Document SLMO000020090407e5470002w




Sipps can be a rewarding investment

ian forsyth      
504 words
6 April 2009
The Press and Journal
FABP
16
English
(c) 2009 The Press and Journal Limited .      

SIPPS are said to be increasingly the pension of choice for investors seeking to take control of their retirement planning. Graham Burnett, director at Johnston Carmichael Financial Services in Aberdeen, answers some of the questions most commonly asked by investors.

Q - What is a Sipp?

A - A Sipp is a self-invested personal pension. They offer more control and a wider investment choice than most traditional pensions. As they offer the same great tax benefits as other pensions, they are one of the most tax-efficient ways that anyone can save for their retirement.

Q - What is the difference between a Sipp and a private pension?

A - Sipps, stakeholder pensions and personal pensions are all loosely called "private pensions", since they are taken out by individuals.

They all work in a similar way in that they all get the same favourable tax treatment. The main differences are the investment choices and the charges.

Stakeholder pensions are the simplest private pensions. They have the least investment choice and their charges are capped. They are designed for those who want very simple private pensions and do not need the flexibility of the greater investment choice a Sipp provides.

Personal pensions offer more investment choice than stakeholder pensions and do not have a cap on charges. They often include links to funds from external investment houses.

Sipps provide the ultimate in investment choice, with virtually unlimited access to investment house funds, shares, investment trusts and also cash options. Unlike stakeholder pensions their charges are not capped and, whilst there are low-cost Sipps available, the choice and flexibility they provide does mean they are often more expensive than a stakeholder pension.

Q - I already have a few pension plans. I don't really want another one.

A - With old-style personal pensions, if you wished to diversify your investments, it was likely that you had to buy a new pension. Therefore, it was common for people to have several private pension schemes.

However, with a Sipp you can have all the investment choice and diversity that you need in one place with one plan. Therefore, a Sipp can be a great foundation for all your pension planning and perhaps the only pension you might ever need.

It may make sense to transfer other pensions you have into your Sipp to consolidate them. This could make your retirement planning simpler and easier to manage and reduces the paperwork. However, this should only be considered once you have consulted your independent financial adviser.

Since October 2008 you can now also transfer protected-rights pensions into a Sipp. These are the pensions created when you contracted out of Serps (State Earnings Related Pensions Scheme) now S2P (State Second Pension).

You need to be careful, however, that you will not incur any excessive penalties when you transfer one pension to another and that you will not lose any valuable guarantees or benefits and advice should be sought before making any transfer or switch.

Document FABP000020090406e5460001e




Franklin Universal Trust Reports Asset Allocation

504 words
1 April 2009
09:33 AM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2009    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

SAN MATEO, Calif. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - Franklin Universal Trust [NYSE:FT], a closed-end investment company managed by Franklin Advisers, Inc., today reported its portfolio composition, certain portfolio characteristics and NYSE closing price as of February 28, 2009.

Franklin Advisers, Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc. [NYSE:BEN], a global investment management organization operating as Franklin Templeton Investments. Franklin Templeton Investments provides global and domestic investment management solutions managed by its Franklin, Templeton, Mutual Series, Fiduciary Trust, Darby and Bissett investment teams. The San Mateo, CA-based company has more than 60 years of investment experience and over $377 billion in assets under management as of February 28, 2009. For more information, please call 1-800/DIAL BEN(® )or visit franklintempleton.com.

FRANKLIN UNIVERSAL TRUST ASSET ALLOCATION at February 28, 2009
                                                MARKET                 PERCENTAGE
SECURITY                                        VALUE                  OF FUND (1)
Corporate Bonds                                 $109,242,227           71.8%
                                                                        
Convertible Bonds                               $0                     0.0%
                                                                        
Utilities Common and Preferred Stocks           $36,892,496            24.2%
                                                                        
Natural Resource Common Stocks                  $908,204               0.6%
                                                                        
Misc. Common &Preferred Stocks                 $104,267               0.1%
                                                                        
Foreign Denominated Corporate Bonds             $0                     0.0%
                                                                        
Foreign Gov't U.S. Dollar Denominated Bonds     $0                     0.0%
                                                                        
Foreign Government Agencies                     $77,804                0.1%
                                                                        
Cash &Other Net Assets                         $4,923,098             3.2%
                                                                        
                                                                        
Total Investments (1,2)                         $152,148,096           100.0%
                                                                        
                                                MARKET                 PERCENTAGE
10 LARGEST HOLDINGS BY ISSUER                   VALUE                  OF FUND( 1)
Edison International                            $3,669,860             2.4%
FPL Group Inc.                                  $3,399,750             2.2%
Entergy Corp.                                   $3,369,500             2.2%
Exelon Corp.                                    $3,305,400             2.2%
Dominion Resources Inc.                         $3,018,000             2.0%
Ford Motor Credit Co. LLC                       $2,830,522             1.9%
HCA Inc.                                        $2,525,000             1.7%
Wind Acquisition Fin SA                         $2,518,750             1.7%
Southern Co.                                    $2,424,800             1.6%
Intelsat Bermuda                                $2,383,750             1.6%
                                                                        
                                                                        
Total (2)                                       $29,445,332            19.4%
                                                                        
% OF GROSS ASSETS IN DEFAULT:                   MARKET                 PERCENTAGE
ISSUER(3)                                       VALUE                  OF FUND (1)
Atherton Franchise                              $7,216                 0.0%
Nortel Networks                                 $285,000               0.2%
Station Casinos Inc.                            $381,000               0.3%
                                                                        
                                                                        
Total( 2)                                       $673,216               0.4%
Note: The value of these defaulted securities is reflected in the 
          Fund's net asset value. Percentages are rounded to two decimal 
          places.
                                                                        
                                                                        
Number of positions                                          134
NAV per share                                                $ 4.38(4)  
Market price per share                                       $ 3.88(4)  
Number of shares outstanding                                 25,131,894
Asset coverage (Investment Company Act)                      362.26%
Total net assets                                             $ 110,148,096
                                                                        
(1) Percentage of total investments of the Fund. Total 
            investments of the Fund include long-term and short-term 
            investments and other net assets, excluding long-term debt issued 
            by the Fund.
(2) Total figures may not represent exact sum of items as a 
          result of rounding.
(3 )Includes issuers that have defaulted or have missed 
          scheduled bond payments.
(4) These figures are rounded to two decimal places.


Franklin Templeton Investments Shareholders/Financial Advisors:                800-342-5236 Media: 650-312-2245 

Document BWR0000020090331e53v00bvt




News
Cleese divorce ruling sign of times; Recession is now a factor in calculating settlement payments

Judith Woods      
The Daily Telegraph; With Files From National Post
504 words
28 March 2009
National Post
FINP
National
A3
English
(c) 2009 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

News that John Cleese has successfully halved his $2.3-million annual divorce payment has surely come as a relief to the Monty Python star, who had complained bitterly that at the age of 69 he would be required to continue working in order to pay his third wife, a situation he unflinchingly described as "feeding the beast."

Mr. Cleese will still have to pay $1.15-million a year to U. S. psychotherapist Alyce Faye Eichelberger, 64, to whom he was married for 15 years, but the fact that a U. S. judge agreed that the original amount was excessive in the current recession, after the value of the star's extensive property portfolio had dropped, is a significant sign of the times.

Divorce courts -- never happy places at the best of times -- have become the setting for extraordinary scenes of financial wrangling, as former husbands battle to have settlements and maintenance payments slashed in line with shrinking bonuses.

"I recently had a two-hour meeting with a client who was sounding me out about the cost and likely outcome of his divorce -- which house would his wife get, how big a lump sum would he have to hand over and so on," says Tom Amlot, head of family law at the London firm Harbottle and Lewis.

"At the end of the discussion he stood up and didn't say a word, so I asked him whether he was going to stay or leave the marriage. He replied that he needed to study the figures in more detail and he was going to run it through his spreadsheet that evening and then make a decision.

"Even to a cynical lawyer like me it was genuinely shocking that someone would conduct their personal life via a spreadsheet."

Certainly the judges have been doing some calculating.

Earlier this year, the Ontario Court of Appeal reduced the equalization payment that Harold Serra, the owner of a textile company, had to pay to his ex-wife by more than $2-million.

The court concluded that it would be "unconscionable" to order a payment based on the net worth of Mr. Serra at the time of separation because the future downturn was beyond his control.

It's not only husbands who are calculating which way the financial wind blows. Many shrewd wives are doing their math as well.

"Some women are deciding to bail out as soon as they can, before their husbands lose their jobs, and they find their home is at risk," says divorce lawyer Vanessa Lloyd-Platt. "Other, very wealthy women are hanging fire because they are determined to wait until things improve economically rather than cutting loose when their joint assets are at their lowest."

Color Photo: Will Burgess, Reuters / John Cleese, shown with Alyce Eichelberger in 2006, will have to pay her $1.15-million a year. ;      

Document FINP000020090328e53s0001o


Investment Adviser: Assetz reveals grand property endeavour.

James Kenny      
504 words
23 March 2009
Investment Adviser
INVADV
English
(c) 2009 Investment Adviser      

Assetz is gearing up for an assault on the property market with the launch of a distressed property fund, as well as two income property vehicles.

The Distressed Residential fund, currently in pre-launch, is taking allocations from high-net-worth investors before opening up to the wider retail market next month.

The fund will invest in UK, US and Spanish distressed property with 30-70 per cent discounts. It will target income, in addition to "strong potential capital gains", during the recovery period expected over the next few years.

Stuart Law, chief executive, said he expected the fund to be "hugely popular" with investors.

He said: "On the first day of opening the fund, we had pre-allocations of GBP1m from three investors. We expect this to hit roughly GBP2.5m in about two weeks and then roll the fund out to retail investors."

He said Assetz currently had teams "scouring" Spain and the US, but that the company would focus primarily on the UK.

"People seem to realise the UK is pretty close to stabilising in the residential market and are trying to invest," he said. "Most housebuilders won't listen to individual investors - you might be able to buy two or three units and even get a good price, but we have the ability to get a lot more due to our relationships with the companies and our experience.

"We can acquire assets that are already 40 per cent off, but as we can complete the purchase quickly, we can easily get another 10 per cent on top of that knocked off the price."

The Distressed Residential fund will invest in houses and apartments mostly in city centres and hold the property for the medium term.

It will aim to deliver 10 per cent a year, with moderate income in the region of 5 per cent a year, Mr Law said.

Modest gearing will be used in the range of 33-60 per cent "as applicable" to balance income with potential equity growth. Once the fund is open to UK retail investors, the minimum investment will be GBP10,000.

While Mr Law admitted the product would not be suitable for everyone and that some investors were still sceptical about property, he said investors in the current market "could easily put 10-15 per cent of their income pot" into a number of property-backed income investments like theirs.

He added: "The bargains are there to be had - people who need money are selling their best products at silly prices. That's why the opportunity is so good in the current market."

Mr Law said the two property income funds were a bit further down the line, but added Assetz was currently speaking to IFAs about them.

The funds are likely to invest in hotels, student accommodation and UK holiday resorts, aiming to deliver a net yield of 5-6 per cent, with capital growth over the five to 10-year period.

70490645

Document INVADV0020090326e53n00003




Survival Tip - Know Where to Get Help Before You Need It

504 words
5 March 2009
08:06 PM
PR Newswire (U.S.)
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2009    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved.          

PHOENIX, March 5 /PRNewswire/ -- What would you do if your husband were to pass away tomorrow? Who would you call? Will your attorney/financial advisor/insurance agent even know who you are? Your husband says your family will be taken care of but how do you access the funds? Should you just cash everything out?

These and other questions are typically asked by women when their spouse passes away. Although women have been counseled to have a basic understanding of where their family finances are held and who to call in case of emergency, many still are more comfortable allowing their husband to handle the financial side of the marriage. Unfortunately, these lapses in knowledge can lead to big problems later when a spouse is gone and the fishing expedition begins - fishing for paperwork, contact numbers, account numbers and answers.

"The last thing a widow needs in the early days after her husband's death is to wonder whether the next move she makes will cost her everything," says West Hunsaker, Chief Marketing Officer for Morris, Hall and Kinghorn, PLLC. "Yet oftentimes, women do just that, spend countless hours searching for important documents and looking for the numbers to call for help."

On average, women are living 5 to 10 years longer than men and 85% of those who reach 100 years of age (or older) are women (as reported by Laura Blue for Time Magazine, "Why Do Women Live Longer Than Men," August 2008). It seems, with these looming statistics, women would take a more active role in their family's financial decision making. Yet most often, wives have never even met their family attorney, financial planner or insurance agent. Attorneys who specialize in estate planning find that oftentimes, after calling their family and the funeral home, widows don't know what number to dial next.

Women should have on hand a list of items they should have access to and be ready for in case of the death of a spouse, including bank records, tax returns, all account statements and real estate titles (just to name a few). Estate planners recommend gathering all the necessary documents but not to cash out anything until an attorney and financial advisor have been met with to discuss the proper steps. There is a short list of common mistakes women make just after a death that unfortunately, can't be reversed after meeting with an attorney or financial advisor (liquidating accounts for example).

Women need to be prepared. They should have a frank discussion with their husband or partner about their finances, where to find important documents and who to contact. Being introduced to attorneys, financial advisors and insurance agents is a must. The best way to fight fear is through preparation.

Contact: Rhonda Royse, 602.249.1328

SOURCE Morris, Hall and Kinghorn, PLLC

Rhonda Royse of Morris, Hall and Kinghorn, PLLC, +1-602-249-1328      

200903050506PR_NEWS_USPR_____NYFNSK01.xml

Document PRN0000020090305e535002e6


Investors Chronicle - magazine and web content: A good comparison?

Maike Currie 
504 words
3 March 2009
Investors Chronicle - Magazine and Web Content
INVR
English
Copyright (c) 2009 Investors Chronicle 

COMMENT: Be wary of savings comparison sites - they don't tell you everything

There are those who rate savings comparison sites, along with sliced bread and pop-up toasters, as one of the greater modern day inventions. I should probably include myself in this list, having recently employed the help of the usual suspects - Moneysupermarket, Confused.com, Moneyfacts and GoCompare - to find a new car insurance policy.

The simplicity works for even the greatest of technophobes - you simply type in your needs and the site spews out the cheapest options. It is the epitome of modern day convenience. But, like most things quick and cheap, there are catches.

The most obvious of these is the fact that the majority of these sites are advertiser-driven and therefore list the products and services of those institutions that pay to advertise with the site, instead of the best offers on the market.

And as a reader has rightly pointed out, prior to the Icelandic meltdown many of the savings comparison sites held sponsored links and pop-up advertisements from the now nationalised Icelandic banks. The sites also happily listed the savings products and competitive interest rates on offer with no mention or attempt to point out their high risk ratings.

While the Icelandic offers might have disappeared along with the banks, many comparison sites still list the products of banks or generically-named UK subsidiaries of banks in India or Africa, with less than comforting ratings. Given the current financial problems, some might argue that comparison sites need to include risk measures alongside the interest rate on offer in order to provide consumers with a true reflection of the product or financial institution that they are buying into.

The counter argument is, of course, that it is not the job of savings comparison sites to point out risk, and that most of the products listed on these sites are FSA regulated. There's also the comfort that, if worst comes to worst, the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) will kick in for savers. That was the case with the collapse of Landsbanki, which owned Icesave and Heritable Bank - favourites on best buy tables for their Isa deals.

However, given the heavily burdened FSCS, as Isa season gets into full swing and investors start trawling through comparison sites searching for the rarity of attractive interest rates, it might be a good idea to also have a look at Moody's and Standard &Poor's ratings of financial institutions, before committing your cash. Alternatively, make the time to see a fee-charging independent financial adviser (IFA). IFAs, unlike comparison sites, are required to present investors with a whole of market offering, and any decent IFA will have examined the risk ratings. It might be more time consuming than the pop-up toaster version, but in these times, more than worth it.

Send us your views on comparison sites using the form on the YourOpinion page

70114115

Document INVR000020090310e5330002r




CONSUMER FINANCE: Pick Up The Phone To Negotiate Steep Bills

By Jennifer Openshaw      
A DOW JONES COLUMN
504 words
26 February 2009
10:53 PM
Dow Jones News Service
DJ
English
(c) 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

You flinch when you get hit with an unexpected bill, don't you? Especially when it's pushed even higher by penalties, and - even worse! - what if it's for something you didn't even do?

After switching cellphones recently, I was hit with a whopping $243 bill. I called the company and, after taking the rep through the history and double-checking everything along the way, I followed my own advice for reducing an unexpected bill or cost. I asked: "Is there anything you can do with the bill?" As I suspected, there was. Within minutes, that $243 was reduced by a whopping $153.

Here's what to do if you're hit with a bill that you think is unfair or wrong:

1. Don't assume it's your mistake. Any time you speak with a company about a paid service, keep notes of the conversation, confirmation numbers, etc., to use as back-up in case an unexpected charge arises.

2. Always ask if there's anything the company can do to reduce the bill. In the majority of cases, there is. Why are they likely to work with you? Because they'd rather keep a paying customer than lose one. If you're in real financial dire straits, they're likely to work with you because receiving part of the money you owe is better than receiving nothing at all.

The rep I got at the phone company said there's a connection fee charged when any new phone number is put into effect. After a little more checking, she said I may have been charged twice - once for the number that came with my new phone and then again for transferring to my existing cell number.

3. Ask for a supervisor. If you're not getting any help from the rep on the phone, ask for a supervisor. A rep is generally allowed to offer bill reductions only up to a limited amount or perhaps none at all, depending on the creditor. The supervisor is more tied in with customer satisfaction, so she might be more likely to help you out.

4. Time for a new plan? If your issue is with a phone bill, double-check the plan you're using - there might be an alternative plan that would save you more. If so, ask the rep if they'll back-date the effective date of the plan - and credit your account. My agent suggested she might be able to reduce my bill by "grandfathering" in the plan I later implemented.

Simply by picking up the phone, staying calm and friendly, and knowing my facts, I was able to save $153. I hope this helps you and your family do the same in this economy.

(Jennifer Openshaw is a freelancer for MarketWatch. She can be reached at 415-439-6400 or via email at AskNewswires@dowjones.com.) [ 02-26-09 0653ET ]

Document DJ00000020090226e52q0003k


Hearty hedges

Ryan Doran      
504 words
16 February 2009
Fairfield County Business Journal
SCBJ
5
Volume 48; Issue 7; ISSN: 08989818
English
© 2009 Fairfield County Business Journal. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved.      

Institutional investors appear committed to hedge fund investing, but hedge fund managers will face wider-ranging and more in-depth scrutiny of operations and investment processes.

"The silver lining for hedge fund managers is that institutions appear committed to hedge funds as an asset class," said Phil Masterson, managing director for SEI's Investment Manager Services division. "However, it's not an unconditional commitment."

According to a global survey report released today by SEI and Greenwich Associates, hedge funds fulfilling performance expectations and embracing transparency will be those that retain and capture assets.

The survey report, titled "Hedge Funds Under the Microscope: Examining Institutional Commitment in Challenging Times," points to a need for greater transparency and enhanced client reporting and communications from hedge fund managers. The results come in the wake of changing institutional expectations brought on by the worst year on record for hedge fund performance.

"Hedge fund managers must recognize and react to the changing expectations of their institutional clients," said Masterson. "Greater transparency and enhanced client reporting and communications, along with fulfilling investor performance expectations, will be the pillars of a hedge fund manager's success."

The survey polled institutional investors in Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, and U.S. at the end of August. As the financial crisis deepened, the SEI and Greenwich re-interviewed respondents in November to help gauge the impact of market turmoil on institutional attitudes and plans concerning hedge funds.

The initial survey revealed that over 90 percent of institutions polled either increased or maintained their allocations to hedge funds in the last two years. That sentiment remained largely unchanged in November when three out of four investors re-surveyed said they had taken "no action" in response to the crisis.

When asked why, 83 percent of those taking no action indicated their commitment to hedge funds has remained unchanged. The remaining respondents had investments that were subject to lock-up provisions. At the same time, the percentage planning to increase target allocations dropped significantly between the first- and second-round surveys, indicating purse strings are getting tighter.

Only one institution reported lowering its target hedge round allocation between the first and second rounds. More than 80 percent of second-round respondents cited poor performance as their biggest concern regarding hedge funds.

In a similar survey conducted by SEI in 2007, institutional investors had ranked performance as their third-biggest worry, behind headline risk and transparency.

"Transparency has always been a central concern for institutions investing in hedge funds, but it has taken on added importance in the wake of the financial crisis," said Rodger Smith, head of the strategic consulting group at Greenwich Assoiates. "It's likely that institutions will become even more demanding on this count in light of the intense publicity surrounding the Madoff affair."

The survey also noted the increased expectations for enhanced client service. In the first-round survey investors indicated that reporting and communications were just as important as performance.

Copyright Westfair Communications Feb 16, 2009

Document SCBJ000020090305e52g00006




Money matters

504 words
12 February 2009
Western Morning News
WMN
default
22
English
(c) Western Morning News, 2009      

Late payment is a major factor in poor cash flow, and poor cash flow is one of the main reasons for business failures. For small and medium-sized business, the key to success is maintaining a good flow of cash through the business. This enables it to purchase raw materials, new equipment and pay staff wages and other essential overheads.

Here are 10 useful tips to help small and medium-sized businesses maintain healthy cash flow:

Do a check - always conduct a credit check against your customers. Set your customers realistic credit limits and aim to trade with companies that are creditworthy and have a good track record for paying their bills.

Be clear - set out your terms and conditions and tell your customers. Set out your terms of trade - be they seven days or 30 days - early on and include them with order confirmations, invoices and other relevant paperwork.

Do not make mistakes - always check your invoices, because rectifying mistakes can lead to delayed payment. Avoid the return of invoices by addressing them to the proper department and a named individual if possible. Include details of the job, a purchase order number, the correct amount, your business terms and date.

Do not put off invoicing - issue invoices immediately on completion of a job and follow them up with a phone call to check that the invoice has arrived and that there are no queries.

Look at what is going on around you - if your customers are acting differently, hard to get hold of or sending postdated cheques, this can be symptomatic of bad news in the pipeline.

Exercise credit control - do not be afraid to adopt a follow-up system. Issue statements and reminder invoices, and call your customers if they are late in paying.

Take stock - always manage your stock levels, plan ahead and do not hold too much stock. It may be possible to arrange more frequent deliveries from your suppliers so that stock levels can be kept to a minimum.

Manage your suppliers - you could be getting a better deal if you shop around and negotiate longer credit terms and volume discounts. Alternatively, you may be able to agree keener prices by agreeing to pay more quickly than your supplier's normal payment period.

Keep in touch - with everyone, your bank, your suppliers your customers and your accountant. Keep people in the picture and tackle issues early on to ensure they do not develop into business problems later.

Keep the cash flowing - think of other ways of managing money. Investigate options for funding business growth, such as factoring and more flexible sources of funding.

But - as with all important business exercises - use the best professional advice and support that you can afford to avoid problems with cash flow.

Sharon Austen can be contacted at Francis Clark's Exeter office on 01392 667000. Francis Clark also has offices in Newton Abbot, Plymouth, Salisbury, Taunton, Tavistock and Torquay. More information is available by logging on at www.francisclark.co.uk

Document WMN0000020090213e52c0000g




IFA VIEW: Use your loaf

504 words
12 February 2009
Money Marketing
MNYM
41
English
(c) 2009 Centaur Communications Limited or its licensors.      

The best thing since sliced bread is an expression I have never understood as I don't rate sliced bread. For me, it is a half-baked expediency, an apology for the real thing - a bit like some thoughts on improving financial services.

If the financial services profession is to encourage saving, why is a root cause of not saving ignored? In these columns, I have highlighted for years that debt conspires against saving. I have referred to rising debt on credit cards, student loans and HP for white goods, as well as higher income multiples for mortgages. I have commented on debt increasing faster than income.

Focusing on getting the savings industry to distribute better but allowing the debt industry to charge APRs of 30 per cent and credit card interest rates increasing while the bank rate falls is half-baked and surely worthy of attention. Is anyone else fed up of an emphasis on controls of investment AMCs as though debt could not have unfair terms? It's not as though the debt industry has covered itself in glory. They have reeked damage like butter, straight from the fridge, on sliced bread.

The Post Office recently published figures claiming that 2.6 million people plan using their credit cards more this year as the recession bites. There are 1.92 million jobless and rising. There were 13,161 repossessions in the last quarter of 2008 compared with 6,838 in the same period of 2007.

As long as people are incurring debt or forced into debt without good advice, closing the savings gap will be a bridge too far. Reducing access to knowledgeable advisers with experience of life is not in consumers' interests.

One way to improve distribution is to "improve consumer confidence". How qualified or requalified we are, however good our products, consumer confidence is affected by low and negative rates of return, illustrations which raise expectations and the quest for high rates of return with minimum risk. There is much in the RDR to commend but losing good advisers would be like landing on a snake instead of a ladder. Fears that good advisers in an already under-resourced profession could quit were recently highlighted by research conducted by Sesame.

"An RDR-induced exodus has been mooted in certain circles for some time and these findings confirm some of these worst fears as advisers fully expect to see many of their peers leave the advice profession prematurely," explains Sesame sales and marketing director Stephen Young.

Young argues that it would be a loss if the more experienced advisers were forced out and concludes: "This experience is extremely valuable and, once lost, so desperately difficult to replace. It is in no one's interests for that to happen, which is why we must strive to find a common-sense solution."

Yeast and standards must rise but let us use our loaves to avoid reducing access to good advice.

Len Warwick is chairman of Warwick Butchart Associates

Document MNYM000020090216e52c0001x




News:
1 million 'kidults' move back home to save cash

By Myra Butterworth Personal Finance Correspondent      
504 words
7 February 2009
The Daily Telegraph
DT
012
English
(c) 2009 Telegraph Group Limited, London      

MORE than one million young people have returned home to live with their parents as the recession takes hold, new figures have suggested.

One in five 18 to 24 year olds - 1.15 million - returned to live with their parents last year or postponed plans to move out in an attempt to save money, according to research by the Abbey.

A further million adults aged between 25 and 44 also returned to the family home amid the economic downturn, the study suggested.

The phenomenon of the "boomerang generation'' - adults who return to live with their parents - is expected to become even more pronounced as the economic crisis worsens.

It comes despite the fall in house prices which should have made it easier for first-time buyers to get on the property ladder.

The respected forecasting house Capital Economics predicts that house prices could fall a further 20 per cent this year and 10 per cent in 2010.

Abbey's study finds that increasing numbers of older adults are also swallowing their pride and heading home amid rising unemployment and the high cost of living.

It said 440,000 people aged between 25 and 34, and a further 471,000 aged between 35 and 44 had also returned to the family home.

This generation - also known as "kidults'' - is predominantly northern. About 33 per cent come from the North followed by the South East with 22 per cent.

Nici Audhlam-Gardiner, the director of Abbey Mortgages, said: "Millions of Britons have realised that sometimes you have to take one step backwards to go two steps forward.

"So while returning home or delaying your plans to move out might feel like a sacrifice, it's actually a great opportunity to save enough money to put down a deposit on a property of your own. This is important in the current market where the bigger deposit, the better the mortgage rate.''

Halifax says one glimmer of hope is that house prices have fallen sharply in the past year, with more than pounds 30,000 being knocked off the average house price during this period.

Britain's largest mortgage lender said this week that prices rose for the first time in 11 months in January by 1.9 per cent to pounds 163,966. But economists told home owners not to read too much into the rise because changes in house prices tend to be volatile.

The credit crisis has seen lenders tighten their criteria significantly, with lower risk borrowers getting the best deals, such as those with large deposits of 25 per cent.

The best deals are being reserved for those looking to borrow 60 per cent or less of the value of the property.

Melanie Bien, of mortgage brokers Savills Private Finance, said: "Although it may be the last thing youngsters want to do, moving back with parents might be a financial necessity until they can buy their own home.''

Document DT00000020090207e5270003j




Investors to decide today on Guardian Trust future

by Tamsyn Parker      
504 words
4 February 2009
New Zealand Herald
NZHLD
English
(c) 2009 The New Zealand Herald      

Investors in Guardian Trust's $249 million frozen mortgage fund could get an initial payout of 10c in the dollar in the next few months if they vote to change its trust deed.

But uncertainty remains over when further payments will be made and if investors will continue to be paid interest on their investment.

The company will hold a meeting in Auckland today although most of its 3700 investors are expected to have already voted by proxy on whether to allow the fund to wind-up.

The mortgage fund manager stopped investors from withdrawing money in July last year when the level of cash in the fund dropped below 5 per cent, causing liquidity problems.

Guardian Trust managing director Greg Campbell would not speculate on how many would attend the meeting but he expected at least 100.

He would not comment on the result of the proxy votes which had already been collected but said the company was confident of meeting the 75 per cent turnout needed to change the trust deed.

Information supplied to investors before the meeting show the fund's interest payments have dropped off significantly over the past three months.

The return on the fund was 6 per cent per annum last year but for the first three months of this year it is expected to be less than 3 per cent - lower than what investors could be getting from a bank.

Campbell said the key reason for the drop was the increase in provisioning for potential losses on unpaid loans.

Before the freeze the fund had not put aside any money for loan defaults but that had now increased to $2 million.

Campbell said it was possible it would have to increase provisioning further which could see interest payments reduced to zero.

He said his focus would be on returning capital to investors if they voted in favour of the wind-up.

Since freezing, the fund had increased its cash reserve to $50 million and Campbell said it hoped to use some of this money to make a partial payment to investors.

But no further payment dates have been signalled by the fund management which has estimated it could take two to three years to wind up the mortgage fund.

Campbell said it was too difficult to speculate on what could happen in the next six months.

Guardian would continue to take a management fee of 1.1 per cent of assets under management on the fund.

But one investor said the documentation had left him with a number of unanswered questions.

``I don't know if we are going to lose capital or not ... how bad things are? If they have gone outside the lending policy - will they make up the shortfall,'' said William Cairns, a former mortgage manager at Guardian Trust.

``I am very surprised that a once very conservatively managed fund with only first mortgages could find itself in this predicament,'' he said. 

GuardianTrust04

Document NZHLD00020090203e52400019


Frugal Corner
REFINANCING TAKES HOMEWORK;

Shawn Vestal      
504 words
26 January 2009
The Spokesman-Review
SPRV
ALL ZONES
A5
English
© 2009 The Spokesman-Review. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved.      

With mortgage rates at historic lows, a lot of people are interested in refinancing their home loans.

When does it make sense to do it? Many financial professionals have suggested a very general rule of thumb that if you can save 1 percentage point off your interest rate, it probably makes sense.

But it's a more complicated decision than that. Bankrate.com, a consumer-oriented financial Web site, emphasizes that you need to determine your break-even point to make a decision:

"The break-even point is the time it takes to make up in monthly savings what you paid in fees. You calculate it by dividing the mortgage fees by the monthly savings. For example, let's say you would save $100 a month by refinancing, and the closing costs would be $3,000. Your break-even point is 30 months from now: the $3,000 in fees divided by the $100 a month in savings. ...

"In this case, if you expect to continue living in the house for more than 2 1/2 years, you'll save money in the long run by refinancing. If you plan to sell the house before then, it's probably best to stick with the mortgage you have."

Right now, people with good credit scores can get interest rates in the high 4 percent to low 5 percent range, according to the Washington Association of Mortgage Professionals. The group offers these tips for people considering refinancing:

*Be aware of all fees and closing costs. Get them in writing.

*Be sure you understand the terms. Especially if your new mortgage is adjustable, know exactly how the payments program will work.

*Figure out how much your monthly payment will be reduced. Compare the total remaining payments on your existing loan to the total payments on the new loan - plus closing costs and fees.

*Shop around. Always a good idea. When you've got an offer, find out how long it's in effect and then compare to two or three other lenders.

THE KIDS ARE ALL RIGHT

A lot of people with children find it hard to save for everything they're supposed to - from retirement to the emergency savings account to college for the kids.

Financial planner Sheryl Garrett says families often set their priorities backward, wanting to do as much as they can to help their kids through college, according to a Gannett news story.

"Parents should realize that college students can borrow money at low interest rates for college and pay it back during the 10 to 30 years after they complete their education. But parents cannot borrow money for food, medicine and a roof over their heads if they are 75 and without adequate retirement savings," according to the story.

Garrett even advises parents to save for college in Roth individual retirement accounts. That way, if there's an emergency, you can tap those funds, and if there isn't, the money's available for college.

Document SPRV000020090130e51q0002o




Tax Expert
Financial Post
A refresher on pre-election tax promises; Will Tories stick to their plan?

Jamie Golombek      
Financial Post
504 words
24 January 2009
National Post
FINP
National
FP5
English
(c) 2009 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

From infrastructure spending to middle-income tax cuts, there is much speculation on what will be contained in the upcoming federal budget on Tuesday. Here's a refresher of some of the Tories' pre-election tax promises that may resurface: Homebuyer's tax credit First-time homebuyers could get a new tax credit for up to $5,000 of the closing costs toward the purchase of a new home. Since closing costs can typically add from 1.5% to 4% to the purchase price of a home, this break would be of particular benefit to younger Canadians struggling to find financing for their first home. Income splitting Individuals who receive pension income are entitled to split up to 50% of that income with a spouse or partner. Last year, senior couples were able to save thousands of dollars of tax and, in some cases, restore clawed-back Old Age Security benefits.

 In its pre-election platform, the Tories said they would permit families in which one spouse or partner is not working full-time (in order to care for a disabled family member) to split all his or her income with a spouse for tax purposes. Registered Disability Savings Plan (RDSP) improvements The RDSP launched in December, 2008, permits individuals to save up to $200,000 on a tax-deferred basis for someone with a disability. It also comes with generous government incentives. To help parents provide funding for RDSPs, the Conservatives have said they would permit a tax-free rollover of a deceased parent's RRSP or RRIF into an RDSP, subject to the $200,000 lifetime limit.

Senior age credit In the run-up to the election, the Tories promised to increase the income phase-out from $5,408 in 2009, by an additional $1,000. On top of already announced increases, this could bring the credit to about $6,750 within four years. Universal child care benefit (UCCB) Parents with kids under age six should be receiving $100 per month in the form of the UCCB. This amount, which is taxable and not income-tested, could be fully indexed to inflation. In addition, the Tories had promised to make it tax-free to single-income parents.

Tax breaks for small business Private incorporated businesses currently pay a low tax rate on the first $400,000 of active (i. e. non-investment) business income. The Tories had proposed increasing this amount, called the small business limit, to $500,000.

Capital gains exemption While the Conservatives have previously increased the lifetime capital gains exemption available on the sale of qualified farm and fishing property, and qualified small business corporation shares to $750,000 from $500,000, the budget may introduce inflation-indexing of this amount.

-Jamie Golombek, CA, CPA, CFP, CLU, TEP is the managing director, tax and estate planning, with CIBC Private Wealth Management in Toronto.

jamie.golombek@cibc.com

Document FINP000020090124e51o0005a




Hold on to your dream home

By The Canberra Times      
504 words
22 January 2009
Canberra Times
CANBTZ
6
English
(c) 2009 The Canberra Times      

G etting your finances in order is the best way to protect yourself against gazumping, Peter Blackshaw, of Peter Blackshaw Real Estate, says. Gazumping, which involves a seller selling a property to another party that has offered more money than the party whose offer he has already accepted, used to be more common that it is now. There are no laws expressly forbidding gazumping in the ACT, according to ANU law lecturer Wayne Morgan.Blackshaw says, ''To avoid gazumping, get your finance approved. Have a letter of offer from a bank or broker saying you are approved to borrow this many dollars. ''So often, people go shopping and arrange their finance afterwards and miss out. They feel they have lost their dream home. ''Or worse, they feel they have had all this emotional expenditure on a house checking it out, falling in love with it, working out where all the furniture is going to go, they've told their friends and

family about their new home and all of a sudden, bang [they get gazumped]. ''People feel acutely the pain of missing a house they thought was theirs.'' However, buyers need ''to be mature'' about the issue of gazumping, Blackshaw says. ''Don't fall into this trap of saying gazumping is this horrible, nasty thing where people act unethically. ''People need to understand there is a process they need to follow if they want to purchase a property. ''There is a risk they will not purchase the property if they don't get in quickly and they're not pre- approved and they're not ready to sign a contract. ''Why should a seller deal with someone who says, 'I should be able to do this in three week's time,' if someone comes along in the mean time?'' Real Estate Institute of the ACT president Michael Wellsmore agrees gazumping is less of a problem in Canberra now than it

was ''when the market was running hot''. One way to protect against gazumping and to also protect other interests in a property is lodging a caveat. A caveat, Morgan says, is a direction to the ACT Registrar- General's Office that it should not register any dealing with the land because the person who has lodged the caveat is claiming an interest in the land that is not recorded on the register. This makes it impossible for anyone else to buy it or take any other interest in it. The lodging of caveats is common, according to the ACT Registrar-General's Office. In fact, its popularity increased for a short time following a 2007 High Court decision (Black v Garnock) that said when purchasers have bought property they ought to lodge a caveat to protect themselves in the period before they are registered on the title. Lodging a caveat costs $176. The Registrar-General's Office will not give advice as to when one should be placed. Independent legal advice is encouraged.

11900432

Document CANBTZ0020090122e51m0000t




Features
2 DAY IN 2 MINUTES: home and abroad

504 words
21 January 2009
The Journal, Newcastle
THEJOU
2
English
(c) 2009 The Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd      

Abuse investigated

ENERGY regulator Ofgem is investigating allegations that an electricity distribution company abused its dominant market position.

The investigation into Electricity North West Limited (ENW) relates to allegations that the company, which distributes electricity across the North West, was shutting competitors out of the market.

Tax claim deadline

FAMILIES have just days left to claim a tax allowance which could be worth more than £1,000. People who had children aged under 16 between April 6 2001 and April 5 2003, were likely to have been eligible for Children's Tax Credit Relief. But families have just 12 days left to lodge a claim with HM Revenue & Customs.

Cabin crew arrested

FIFTEEN members of South African Airways cabin crew were arrested yesterday after cannabis worth about £150,000 was found in baggage which arrived at Heathrow, HM Revenue and Customs said. Fifty kilos of the drug were found on a flight from Johannesburg.

Reduced rate

BRITAIN'S biggest mortgage lender yesterday launched a two year fixed-rate deal of just 2.99%. Halifax, which is now part of Lloyds Banking Group, said it was the lowest rate it had ever offered. But in order to qualify homeowners must have a 40% deposit.

Boost for homes

PLANS to allow councils to keep all the money they raise through renting and selling homes were announced by the Government yesterday. It is hoped the move, which is being consulted on, will enable councils to build more properties, boosting the supply of affordable homes.

UK terror response

EFFORTS to secure British hotels against terror attacks have been speeded up in the wake of the deadly Mumbai siege last year, Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said yesterday. Security guidance had been issued and training given, she told MPs in response to fears hotel guests and shoppers in London were being left vulnerable.

Prize fund remains

NATIONAL Savings and Investments is slashing interest rates on its savings products by up to 1.85% but returns on Premium Bonds will not be cut. The Treasury-backed group said it was reducing the returns paid on variable rate and fixed interest savings products following recent interest rate cuts. But it has decided to hold its Premium Bond prize fund at its current level.

Food challenge

FINDING enough food and energy to sustain the Earth's population is the greatest technological challenge facing humanity, an expert panel of chemists and engineers said yesterday. The world is heading for a food crisis caused by climate change and competition for land use, according to the working party's report.

Brit nominees

COLDPLAY and Duffy led the way at the Brit Awards nominations last night with four nods apiece. The recognition caps a remarkable debut year for the Welsh singer song writer. Duffy was nominated for best album, best single for chart-topper Mercy, best female solo artist and best breakthrough act. Coldplay will go head to head with Duffy for best album and best single.

Document THEJOU0020090121e51l00006




Ask Encore
Personal Finance
Timing '529' Withdrawal

By Kelly Greene 
504 words
17 January 2009
The Wall Street Journal (Online and Print)
WSJO
Retirement Planning; B2
English
Copyright 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

We have a "529" college savings account for each of our children. We will incur expenses this year for tuition, books, etc., for one child who is already in college. When we withdraw money to cover 2009 expenses, do the withdrawals have to be made in 2009, or can they be made in 2010, or even later? There would be two advantages to delaying the withdrawals. First, we could switch funds from a money-market-type account into a higher-yielding CD. Second, the earnings would have longer to build up tax-free.

Charles Eden, Atlanta

The short answer: You shouldn't delay such withdrawals beyond 2009.

A 529 plan lets individuals set up tax-advantaged investment accounts and designate a beneficiary -- such as yourself, a child or grandchild -- whose educational expenses can be paid from such accounts. The tax code doesn't explicitly state that expenses and 529 withdrawals must match up in the same calendar year, says Joe Hurley, an accountant whose Web site, savingforcollege.com, is one of the best sources of information about 529s and other college-savings vehicles. That said, individual taxpayers -- in the eyes of IRS -- are generally subject to "cash-basis" accounting rules, as opposed to "accrual-basis" accounting, Mr. Hurley notes. The former normally require that an individual "withdraw in the same year as payment," he says.

And what if you don't?

Let's say you pay a college bill out of your regular checking account this month -- but wait until January 2010 to tap your 529. First, you would receive a 1099-Q, which is used to report a distribution from a 529. If you were audited, the IRS would ask you to show the expense in 2010 that matches up with the figure on the 1099. In this case, there would be no expense from 2010 to support the distribution, which means the distribution would be considered "nonqualified." The upshot: The earnings portion of the distribution would be subject to ordinary income tax and a 10% penalty.

Interestingly, the IRS is considering giving families "a little more flexibility" with the timing of withdrawals from 529s, Mr. Hurley says. Last January, the agency said it planned to propose a rule to allow withdrawals to cover current-year expenses along with expenses in the first three months of the following year. So far, though, no changes have been made.

One possible solution: The family could designate another child as the account's beneficiary, and simply use the assets later to pay that child's bills. IRS Publication 970, "Tax Benefits for Education," at irs.gov, spells out expenses that qualify. Other sources of information include www.collegesavings.org and Morningstar.com (search for "529").

There's already a backdoor way to change investment options more frequently, Mr. Hurley says: Change the beneficiary from one child to another -- and change investment options at the same time.

Write to Kelly Greene at kelly.greene@wsj.com 

Document WSJO000020091008e51h00337




News
£65BN WIPED OFF VALUE OF COMPANY PENSION SCHEMES

BY JOE MURPHY POLITICAL EDITOR      
504 words
31 December 2008
The Evening Standard
NS
08
English
(c) 2008 Associated Newspapers. All rights reserved      

Company pensions have taken a massive hit in the recession, with billions of pounds wiped off the value of schemes to support retiring employees.

Research found that the average pension scheme of FTSE 100 companies shrank by 17 per cent in 2008, obliterating £65 billion at a stroke.

It leaves the big firms nursing a pension fund deficit totalling £130 billion and puts a question mark over the retirement incomes of employees whose payouts are not guaranteed. At the same time, government ministers are said to be enjoying a boom in the value of their own pension arrangements, funded by the taxpayer.

According to figures compiled by Liberal Democrats, the Prime Minister's £19,000 a year on top of his MP's pension is equivalent to a personal pension pot of £274,000. Justice Secretary Jack Straw's 'pot' is worth £294,000, paying out some £20,520 a year on top of his parliamentary pension.

Altogether, ministers are sitting on pensions worth £7.5 million, up by double the rate of inflation, according to Liberal Democrat peer Lord Oakeshott.

By contrast, the average private sector fund is worth £25,000 and after recent equity falls generates an income of around £1,600 a year.

Ministers contribute to their pension funds, but the largest contribution is from the Treasury, which pays 26.8 per cent of a minister's salary into the fund.

Analysts are worried about the growing gap between pensions in the private and public sector.

Employees of firms have little access to salary-based schemes and many will be expected to work beyond 65 in the future. But public sector employees have clung on to retirement at 60 with taxpayer-funded schemes.

The figures show senior civil servants are enjoying big pension funds, too. Leigh Lewis, the senior civil servant at the Department of Work and Pensions, saw his pension pot rise by £314,000 from £1,567,000 to £1,881,000.

The fall in the value of FTSE 100 pension schemes was revealed by research from Deloitte. Pensions partner David Robbins said: 'The prospect of low or negative economic growth can depress the price of assets such as equities and property that pension schemes have typically invested in.'

Company final salary pension schemes have been in steep decline for the past decade and figures show the cost of public sector pensions is ballooning. Earlier this month the Confederation of British Industry called for an independent commission to examine the £1 trillion cost, which was branded a 'growing' burden on future taxpayers.

Thousands of elderly people in care are being given a spending money increase of just 75p this year. They will be allowed pocket money from the Government of £21.90 to pay for clothes, toiletries, books, phone calls and treats. At present it is £21.15.

Age Concern said the rise was 'Scrooge-worthy' and 'barely enough to buy a packet of biscuits'.

Document NS00000020081231e4cv00010


Local
Experts advise trading toys for tuition

Jay Rey      
NEWS STAFF REPORTER
504 words
22 December 2008
Buffalo News
BFNW
Central
B3
English
© 2008 Buffalo News.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.    All rights reserved.        

Still looking for a last-minute Christmas gift for the kids?

Think college tuition.

"You can't go wrong," said Peter Mazareas, vice chairman of the Washington-based College Savings Foundation. "Every little bit helps."

While it may not have occurred to you -- and definitely not your 5-year-old -- groups like the College Savings Foundation suggest parents, grandparents, uncles or aunts give serious thought to trading some "toys for tuition" this gift-giving season.

"Especially when they're extremely young, and don't anticipate seeing a large box under the tree, a gift for college is extremely valuable," said Bernie Aja, vice president and area retail leader for KeyBank.

Consider the college landscape:

Tuition, fees, room and board at four-year private colleges rose 5.6 percent this year to an average of $34,132 a year, according to The College Board.

Those same costs at four-year public colleges rose 5.7 percent to an average of $14,333 a year for in-state undergraduates.

In light of tough fiscal times, the State University of New York recently raised tuition more than $600, and at the same time the state proposed cutting $47 million from its Tuition Assistance Program, the nation's largest grant program.

Then there's concern that the turmoil in the credit market could make it harder to get loans -- at least private loans -- to cover the rapidly rising education costs.

"I try not to scare parents, but I try to make them aware of the fact that they need to do something," said Merri Carol Hall, a certified financial planner for M&T Securities. "That doesn't mean they should forgo their own retirement or put their house in hock to do it, but this situation isn't going to go away."

This holiday season, in particular, might be a good year for family and friends to consider a contribution for college as a gift.

Forty-three percent of parents saved nothing for their child's education this year, up from 27 percent last year, according to the College Savings Foundation's recent survey of 800 parents.

"In 2008, I personally have seen a fall-off, just because of the economy," Hall said.

Likewise, parents who did save, saved less this year, the survey showed.

And many took a hit along with Wall Street.

Assets in the popular 529 college savings plan -- a state- sponsored investment program with tax advantages -- fell from an estimated $110.6 billion to $101.7 billion, according to the foundation, created by the financial industry to promote 529 plans.

And that was just between June and September -- the latest figures available -- before the stock market really took a plunge.

Financial experts, though, are noticing other family members -- specifically grandparents -- stepping up to help parents when it comes to saving for college.

"And I can't stress enough the importance of beginning early," Aja said.

e-mail: jrey@buffnews.com

Document BFNW000020081223e4cm0002j




BMO Bank of Montreal to offer registered disability savings

Stockwatch
504 words
17 December 2008
Canada Stockwatch
CNSW
English
(c) 2008 Canjex Publishing Ltd.      

Bank of Montreal (TSX:BMO)

Shares Issued 507,035,870

Last Close 12/16/2008 $30.35

Wednesday December 17 2008 - News Release

Mr. Ed Legzdins reports

BMO BANK OF MONTREAL: FIRST CANADIAN BANK TO OFFER REGISTERED DISABILITY SAVINGS PLAN

Bank of Montreal will be the first bank to offer Canadians the registered disability savings plan (RDSP), a new federal government initiative introduced to enhance the long-term financial security of people with disabilities.

"BMO is very pleased to be the first major Canadian financial institution to offer the RDSP. In our view, the RDSP is a terrific savings vehicle that enhances the financial security of people with disabilities," said Ed Legzdins, senior vice-president, retail investments, BMO Financial Group. "It will help provide parents and contributors with peace of mind and we are encouraging them to call our investment centre before Dec. 31 so they can be eligible to receive the federal government's 2008 contribution."

Beginning Dec. 22, 2008, customers can apply for a BMO RDSP through BMO's investment call centre, BMO Investment Centre (BMO IC), at 1-800-665-7700.

BMO RDSPs will feature a wide range of investment solutions that are suitable for long-term investors, including guaranteed investment certificates, mutual funds and managed solutions portfolios.

BMO IC investment specialists have experience in opening government plans such as registered education savings plans, registered retirement savings plans, registered retirement income funds and tax-free savings accounts, and providing investment solutions to these plans.

Contributions to an RDSP may qualify for payments from the Canada disability savings grant (CDSG) program to a lifetime maximum of $70,000 per beneficiary. Lower-income families may qualify for payments from the Canada disability savings bond (CDSB) program without having to make a contribution to an RDSP, up to a lifetime maximum of $20,000.

About the RDSP:

- Contributions are not tax deductible but grow on a tax-deferred basis.

- Earnings generated on contributions are tax exempt while in the plan.

- When earnings are withdrawn as part of a disability assistance payment, they are taxable in the hands of the beneficiary (likely to be taxed at a lower rate).

- The lifetime contribution limit is $200,000 per beneficiary. There is no annual contribution limit.

- Only one beneficiary can be named to an RDSP. A beneficiary can only have one RDSP.

How to apply for a BMO RDSP:

- BMO RDSP will be serviced and sold exclusively through BMO's investment call centre, BMO Investment Centre (BMO IC), at 1-800-665-7700.

- BMO IC sales representatives have completed a three-hour government facilitated training program and can answer RDSP questions.

- BMO IC is open Monday to Friday 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. ET and Saturdays 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET. BMO IC provides service in both two official languages plus Cantonese and Mandarin.

- Holiday hours: Dec. 24 open until 6 p.m. ET, Dec. 31, open until 9 p.m. ET.

Document CNSW000020081217e4ch003xp


Savings
Rate cuts put savers in hard place ; Those looking for income have little option than to put their capital at risk. Nick Sudbury reports why

504 words
11 December 2008
Money Market-UK
MOMAUK
English
Copyright Ausbanc Editorial © 2008      

Ben Yearsley: economy needs time

The unprecedented reduction in base rate to 2% in December was a body blow for savers. Up to that point they had been one of the few beneficiaries of the credit crunch, but the days of bank accounts paying 7% are now well and truly over.

'The minutes of the November meeting already implied that the Monetary Policy Committee would like to see rates at 2%,' says Ben Yearsley, an investment advisor at Hargreaves Lansdown. 'But after such a big reduction it would have been sensible to give the economy time to see how it responds.' Normally, the banks would react to a rate cut by reducing the interest on their variable rate savings products and then gradually adjusting their new fixed rate bonds. In November and however it was the other way round.

'The announcement had a big impact on fixed rates and there are now no one year bonds paying 6%, while the best two and three year deals are down at 5%,' says Rachel Thrussell, head of savings at price comparison service Moneyfacts. 'If base rates are cut again it is questionable whether the institutions would follow as they need to be able to attract funds from savers.' The problem for those looking for income is that in order to get a better return they have little option but to put their capital at risk. Anyone comfortable with this might want to consider investing in UK Corporate bond funds. These have had a poor 12 months with most losing value and the average loss coming in at around 11%.

'UK corporate bond funds have taken a hammering in recent months because of the risk that the issuing companies will default and not be able to honour the payments,' says Yearsley. 'The current bond prices imply that 25% of companies will go bust, whereas in previous recessions typically only 5% fail.' The upshot is that many investment grade UK corporate bond funds are currently yielding 6% to 7%.

These amounts are not guaranteed and there is clearly a risk to capital, but anyone who can invest for 3 or 4 years should see a reasonable return once markets revert to more normal conditions.

Six steps to downsizing

Start to plan and budget well in advance of each pay cheque Every member of the family should learn to keep a money diary Cut out unnecessary expenses and put what you would have spent towards outstanding debtMove to a smaller house, remortgage to a better rate or consider taking in a lodger Place a 'free from debt' countdown on your fridge and deduct the total after each time you pay off some debt.Even just £10 will make an impact Take out books on DIY and home renovation to save costs Buy second-hand goods and last-minute holiday offers

By Nick Sudbury

Document MOMAUK0020090318e4cb0006e


Savings
Rate cuts put savers in hard place ; Those looking for income have little option than to put their capital at risk. Nick Sudbury reports why

504 words
11 December 2008
Money Market-UK
MOMAUK
English
Copyright Ausbanc Editorial © 2008      

Ben Yearsley: economy needs time

The unprecedented reduction in base rate to 2% in December was a body blow for savers. Up to that point they had been one of the few beneficiaries of the credit crunch, but the days of bank accounts paying 7% are now well and truly over.

'The minutes of the November meeting already implied that the Monetary Policy Committee would like to see rates at 2%,' says Ben Yearsley, an investment advisor at Hargreaves Lansdown. 'But after such a big reduction it would have been sensible to give the economy time to see how it responds.' Normally, the banks would react to a rate cut by reducing the interest on their variable rate savings products and then gradually adjusting their new fixed rate bonds. In November and however it was the other way round.

'The announcement had a big impact on fixed rates and there are now no one year bonds paying 6%, while the best two and three year deals are down at 5%,' says Rachel Thrussell, head of savings at price comparison service Moneyfacts. 'If base rates are cut again it is questionable whether the institutions would follow as they need to be able to attract funds from savers.' The problem for those looking for income is that in order to get a better return they have little option but to put their capital at risk. Anyone comfortable with this might want to consider investing in UK Corporate bond funds. These have had a poor 12 months with most losing value and the average loss coming in at around 11%.

'UK corporate bond funds have taken a hammering in recent months because of the risk that the issuing companies will default and not be able to honour the payments,' says Yearsley. 'The current bond prices imply that 25% of companies will go bust, whereas in previous recessions typically only 5% fail.' The upshot is that many investment grade UK corporate bond funds are currently yielding 6% to 7%.

These amounts are not guaranteed and there is clearly a risk to capital, but anyone who can invest for 3 or 4 years should see a reasonable return once markets revert to more normal conditions.

Six steps to downsizing

Start to plan and budget well in advance of each pay cheque Every member of the family should learn to keep a money diary Cut out unnecessary expenses and put what you would have spent towards outstanding debtMove to a smaller house, remortgage to a better rate or consider taking in a lodger Place a 'free from debt' countdown on your fridge and deduct the total after each time you pay off some debt.Even just £10 will make an impact Take out books on DIY and home renovation to save costs Buy second-hand goods and last-minute holiday offers

By Nick Sudbury

Document MOMAUK0020090318e4cb0000u


MONEY & MORE
A bit of advice for paying the bills

BRENT BURKEY      
Daily Record/Sunday News; York Daily Record
504 words
12 November 2008
York Daily Record
YKDR
5
English
© 2008 York Daily Record. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved.      

Brad Stein is a certified financial planner and branch manager of The Financial Advisory Group in York. He answered some questions recently about what people should do if they are seriously worried they can't pay their bills.

Q: What are some warning signs that I am, or will be, overextended financially?

A: If you're not able to meet your fixed expenses. What's going in and what's going out aren't matching. If you're not able to make minimum payments, you probably need some help, financially.

You need to do one of two things: Get another source of income, or take a hard look at your budget and find out where you can cut out expenses.

You really need to deal with it sooner rather than later, so bad credit doesn't hang with you down the road.

Q. What is the quickest way to cut expenses in a pinch?

A: Some of the expenditures like going out and buying that latte at Starbucks every day, probably not a good idea. Probably packing your lunch instead of going out every day.

Also, carpooling to work and lowering your cell phone plan. Those can add up to making a difference. Contributing to your 401(k) might also have to go, although I hate to say that.

There are some things we take for granted and use every day, but you have to make a list of have-tos.

Q. I'm afraid I won't be able to make my next house payment. What should I do?

A: Contact the mortgage company immediately, and make it aware of your situation. See if there are programs; see if you qualify for any kind of programs that can help homeowners in your situation.

A lot of times, with mortgage companies in this market, the last thing they want to do is foreclose and take your home. They don't want to own the property; they want to work with you.

Q. What if I can't pay my other credit expenses (credit card, other loans, etc.)?

A: Same scenario as with mortgages. Contact the companies and communicate with them. Let them know your situation and see if they will work with you.

If you call them, be honest with them; they can help you, too. Outside of that, you can look at consolidation into a lower-rate option. The key here is communication.

Q. I can only pay some of my bills this month. Which ones do I pay?

A: Priority No. 1 is making that mortgage payment, and then after that, the utilities and those fixed payments. Make sure you're making those payments. That's a tough question without an easy answer.

Caption: DAILY RECORD / SUNDAY NEWS ILLUSTRATION -- CARRIE HAMILTON Check out today's special section, 'Financial Survivors Guide.' Locals share their experiences and advice for surviving the current economic times.      

Document YKDR000020081113e4bc0000u




PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local
Santa arrives early to find shoppers cautious

By Joseph Hannan      
Inquirer Staff Writer
504 words
9 November 2008
The Philadelphia Inquirer
PHLI
JERSEY-D
B01
English
(c) Copyright 2008, Philadelphia Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.      

While children looked on in wide-eyed excitement as Santa Claus and his troupe of elves arrived at the Moorestown Mall yesterday to officially start the Christmas shopping season, parents considered their holiday purchases cautiously.

"I'm rethinking about what Santa should buy for my daughter this year," Kendra Lemauro, 35, of Sicklerville, said, with her daughter within earshot.

She said she has been asking herself whether her daughter actually needed certain items on her wish list.

Lemauro also said she had made an agreement with the adults of her family to only make purchases this season for the children.

Lemauro said she is avoiding making purchases in large quantities and "focusing more on the season of Christmas than the shopping and the buying, because that's what it's really about."

Economic tremors have sent the retail industry reeling as shoppers spend more carefully.

Consumer spending has undergone a 3.1 percent decline during the third quarter, the first decline since 1980.

This drop in spending prior to the holiday season could spell trouble for retailers.

"We'll try to do the same as we could the past few years," said Frank Versace, 37, of Turnersville, the father of four children, adding that some small changes would have to be made.

He said he would be limiting his children to one expensive gift while paring down his purchases for adults.

Crystal Davenport, 43, of Delran, who came to the mall with her two granddaughters, also said she planned to alter her holiday purchasing plans.

"I will focus more just on buying the smaller children's stuff," she said, "focusing more on educational things versus things they don't need."

"It's their Christmas," said Mike Johnston, 19, gesturing toward his wife and two children. "I'm probably not even getting anything."

Johnston said he would be making more educational gift purchases for his children as well, along with necessities such as diapers.

According to Lori Anzivino, a spokeswoman for the Moorestown Mall, Santa's arrival a few days early this season is likely to stimulate buying.

"It gets [people] shopping earlier," Anzivino said. "It gets them in the Christmas spirit earlier."

She said current sales figures were up slightly at the mall, particularly among "junior retailers" such as Aeropostale and American Eagle, which cater to young adults.

Anzivino also speculated that renovations at the nearby Cherry Hill Mall could be causing more people to shop at the Moorestown Mall.

Managers at several stores, including Bath & Body Works, The Gap and Express, were optimistic about the holiday shopping season. They said they had seen a steady flow of traffic through their retail locations during the last three weeks.

Some thought consumers might be spreading out their purchases to keep from exhausting their funds during last-minute shopping sprees.

Managers said they also had noticed more customers searching for sale items or only shopping with coupons.

Document PHLI000020081109e4b900016




Pensions, houses, jobs top concerns - Doer to take issues to Ottawa meeting

By Mia Rabson      
504 words
31 October 2008
Winnipeg Free Press
WFP
A11
English
All material copyright Winnipeg Free Press, a division of FP Canadian Newspapers Limited Partnership. All rights reserved.      

Manitobans are most worried about their pensions, their houses and their jobs, and in that order, says Premier Gary Doer as he gets set to take Manitoba's economic concerns to a first ministers meeting in Ottawa next month.

Doer said he has spent the last three or four weeks meeting with companies and unions and the No. 1 concern he is hearing relates to pension plans, many of which are struggling as the stock markets plunge worldwide.

Companies are required to fund shortfalls in pension plans created by dropping stock markets to ensure if the pensions have to be paid out, the money is there to pay them.

But several companies and not-for-profit organizations are lobbying Ottawa to relax the rule requiring the funding of that shortfall because some companies might be required to put so much money into pensions it could put them into bankruptcy. Doer said that is ridiculous.

He said the rules are there to protect workers but "bankruptcy created through pension insolvency doesn't protect workers."

Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said Wednesday the government has softened the rules related to the pension investments in the past and may be prepared to do so again now.

The pension issue is one of the many things Doer plans to raise when he meets with Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the other premiers in the nation's capital Nov. 10.

The three-hour meeting will be the first of several first ministers' "working sessions" on the economy, a Harper spokesman said Wednesday.

It is the second time this year the premiers have met with Harper in Ottawa to discuss the economy. However the first meeting, a dinner at 24 Sussex Drive in January, was called to address the impact of the soaring Canadian dollar.

The loonie was above par with the U.S. dollar in January. Now, the Canadian dollar has plummeted and, despite gains over the last two days, is still down more than 15 per cent in October.

That meeting also saw premiers bringing through many of their individual issues with the federal government.

Doer said Canadians do not want another meeting of first ministers that descends into regional bickering and partisan politics.

"The public is in no mood for partisan politics, the public is in no mood for regional politics," said Doer. "It is in the mood for good ideas."

In addition to pensions, Doer wants to discuss ways to streamline approval processes for infrastructure projects that would include cutting down the time it takes to get environmental licences for mega-projects like hydroelectric dams.

The premiers met on their own in Montreal earlier this month where they emerged with a plan to speed up infrastructure spending as a way to stimulate the economy.

Flaherty said on Wednesday provinces will have to temper their expectations for funding increases but didn't hint there may be cuts.

mia.rabson@freepress.mb.ca

Document WFP0000020081031e4av0000e


YOURMONEY
Dollars & sense

Dominic Alafaci      
504 words
26 October 2008
Sunday Herald Sun
SUHERS
1 - FIRST
110
English
Copyright 2008 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved      

Q I AM 50 and have been working for almost 30 years (with retirement in the next seven years). I have superannuation of about $430,000. It was in a balanced fund until January, when I converted 100 per cent to a cash fund.

In August, I was advised by a financial planner to place 100 per cent of my 5 per cent salary sacrificed contributions into the balanced fund to pick up units at the lowest prices. Given the state of the economic climate, how long should I wait until I start depositing the cash fund amounts back into the balanced fund or should I choose an aggressive fund to get maximum benefit? Should I place small deposits of 10 per cent at a time or 100 per cent in one hit once the market rebounds?

D.J., Frankston South

A At this point in the cycle it appears we are close to the point of maximum financial opportunity and it is tempting to invest fully in growth assets such as shares and property so as to maximise long-term returns.

But given you must rely on Lady Luck to pick the bottom of the market, I'd probably err on the side of caution and embark on a drip feed or dollar cost averaging strategy and transfer a set small amount into shares and property every month to take advantage of the lower asset prices, while retaining a large percentage of your assets in cash.

While this is a great strategy in theory, not all superannuation funds can accommodate the switches in an efficient manner, so make sure you check with your financial planner that you have an appropriate fund.

The next critical issue is how much should you move out of your cash holdings into growth assets each month.

I'd probably establish a fairly conservative 24-month dollar cost averaging strategy, by moving about $12,000 into growth assets every month, which means that at the end of two years you would have invested 67 per cent of your cash holdings in growth assets.

If this sounds too conservative, you could try a more aggressive approach, however remember that volatility can work against you as well as for you, with Lady Luck having being on your side so far.

In any event, it is critical you obtain professional financial advice, preferably from a CFP, regarding the risks before you begin.

Answers supplied by Dominic Alafaci, Managing Director, Collins Financial Services. Send questions to PO Box 215, Collins St West, 8007. Email: chfs@collinshouse.com.au

Authors of published letters will receive a copy of Dominic's book Grow, Manage & Protect Your Wealth - 17 Tips You Can't Afford To Ignore.

Collins House Pty Ltd is a corporate authorised representative of Charter Financial Planning, AFS license number 234665.

Dominic's advice should be considered as an opinion. Readers should strongly consider engaging the services of qualified financial advisers.

SHS-20081026-1-110-013184

Document SUHERS0020081025e4aq00059




 Smart Money Owning multiple-dwelling rentals a better investment

Bruce Williams      
504 words
20 October 2008
Charleston Gazette
CGAZ
P6A
English
(Copyright 2008)      

DEAR BRUCE: You have said that when your rental properties are paid for, you should sell them. You have also said that single-family rentals are generally poor investments. Why?

Reader

via e-mail

DEAR READER: I think that you have paraphrased me with a slight error. What I have said is that, if you are a professional real-estate investor, you shouldn't "own the property." You should have as large a mortgage as possible, reinvesting this capital in yet more rental properties. When your actual ownership exceeds 30 percent or 35 percent, in my opinion, it is unwise to continue with this much equity. You are far better off to refinance it and leverage the same amount of money into controlling much more real estate. The professional investor usually follows this plan.

As to the single-family homes, more often than not, they will bring more on the marketplace in terms of price than a rental can justify. Often, a house that sells for $100,000 can be rented for $700 to $800 a month. Clearly, this is not enough. There are those exceptions to the rule when that same $100,000 house might rent for $1,300 a month, but they are rare indeed. Generally speaking, multiple dwellings are far better investments for rental purposes.

DEAR BRUCE: I'm considering buying a condominium in Florida as a rental property. Do you have a formula that you use to determine whether the income is decent? For example, if I paid $200,000 for a house, what would be the minimum income that I should expect to make it a good deal?

S.R.

South Carolina

DEAR S.R.: I would look for a minimum return on any rental property of 1 percent a month of the property's value. I would be far more comfortable with 1.3 percent or 1.4 percent. You might observe that this is difficult to achieve, and I would not disagree. But difficult is not impossible and in looking around and carefully surveying a marketplace, you will find that the return of 1.3 percent or 1.4 percent is achievable. It does, however, require effort.

DEAR BRUCE: I am $90,000 in debt. I don't want to go through bankruptcy if I can avoid it. I was wondering what you think about the legitimacy of debt-counseling services?

Kim

via e-mail

DEAR KIM: Unfortunately, you didn't mention your income. Unless you have a substantial income, I suspect that the only way out is some form of bankruptcy. A debt of $90,000 per individual is an exorbitant sum. How in the world did you get that far in hock?

Send your questions to Smart Money, P.O. Box 2095, Elfers, FL 34680, or e-mail bruce@bruce williams.com. Questions of general interest will be answered in future columns. Owing to the volume of mail, personal replies cannot be provided.

Document CGAZ000020081022e4ak0000m




Learn details of saver account

504 words
14 October 2008
Noosa News
APNNON
Main
8
English
www.noosanews.com.au Copyright 2008 APN Newspapers Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved        

System has its pitfalls

MAKING MONEY with Paul Clitheroe

If you're saving for a first home, a new type of investment is available to get ahead with a deposit.

The federal government's First Home Saver Accounts offer some valuable perks, but there are also strings attached.

Like a normal savings account, your money earns interest on the accumulated funds. As a guide, the Commonwealth Bank's FHSA earns 6.5% p.a. while the ANZ is paying up to 7.0% p.a. Unlike other savings deposits, the interest earnings on FHSAs are only taxed at 15%. For anyone earning over $34,000 this is well below your personal tax rate.

On the other hand, if you earn between $6000 and $15,000 annually you'd pay 15% on any interest earnings anyway, and if your annual income is below $6000, any interest earned on a traditional savings account could be tax free. So from a tax angle, at least, these accounts may not be as appealing to low income earners.

But there's much more to FHSAs than light taxation. A real sweetener is that the first $5000 you deposit each year will be matched by a government contribution of 17%. For example, if you save $1000 in a FHSA over the next 12 months, the government will add an extra $170. If you can deposit $5000 in a single year, the government will contribute $850. That's a real helping hand.

In order to enjoy these benefits some strict conditions are imposed. Most notably, there is a "four year rule" that says you must save $1000 each financial year for four years before you can withdraw the funds to purchase a home. More importantly though, you can't use the funds accumulated in a FHSA for any other purpose beyond buying a first home. If you decide against a home purchase, the funds can only be transferred to your super fund, where the cash can't usually be accessed until you retire.

This is a significant restriction, so be very sure about buying a home before you commit to one of these accounts. And it may not be a bad idea to hold additional savings in a separate account so that you have access to cash in an emergency. There are also limits imposed on how much cash you can accumulate in a FHSA. For the 2008/09 financial year, the upper threshold is $75,000 though this will be indexed annually. The account can be kept account open until you buy your first home, or turn 65.

For more information on First Home Saver Accounts take a look at www.firsthomesaver. com.au as well as the consumer site of investment watchdog ASIC at www.fido. gov.au.

-Paul Clitheroe is a founding director of financial planning firm ipac, chairman of the Financial Literacy Foundation and chief commentator for Money Magazine.

Document APNNON0020081013e4ae00007




Personal Finance
Degree of difficulty; M.B.A. grads face daunting job market

Whitney Jackson, Medill News Service 
Medill News Service
504 words
8 October 2008
10:17 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2008 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

WASHINGTON (Medill News Service) -- Fresh M.B.A. grads, especially those working for large banks, say they are living in a climate of fear.

"I feel lucky that I still have a job at this point because I've seen so many people lose them," said Deepa Pai, who recently obtained her master's degree from Northwestern University, and now works for Bank of America in New York, the company that bought Merrill Lynch as the credit crisis was unfolding.

As this type of upheaval became commonplace on Wall Street, a dicey reality emerged for young M.B.A.s. (RELATED ARTICLE: As resumes fly off Wall Street, keep yours up to date too) Read more on Wall Street's job woes.

"A lot of people are looking for a job whether they have one or not because they don't know what's going to happen with banks and the economy," Pai said. "I feel like the [job] recruiting process didn't end."

Turmoil in the stock market and decreased opportunities at big banks directly affect a lot of classic M.B.A. career paths, according to Steven Goodwin, an independent Washington-based education and career-strategy specialist.

He said he's received a surge of phone calls from nervous workers who obtained degrees over the past few years. Many of these former students are forced to broaden their job search and lower their standards, a move labor economists say trickles down and strikes people at the lowest rung of the ladder.

In general, students who settle for a lower position during an economic downturn rarely make up the financial differences in the long term, according to Lisa Kahn, a Yale University economist who studies the intersection of employer practices and external labor market factors. M.B.A.s are a unique subset of these students because most of them worked for several years before going back to school.

While it's too soon to tell how many people's career hopes have been dampened by the Wall Street crisis, it's likely that many M.B.A.s who wanted to work in the financial sector took jobs elsewhere -- or don't have a job at all. These individuals will have a lower financial trajectory over the course of their lifetimes, Kahn said.

"I definitely thought that getting out [into the working world] would be a time to focus on making long-term connections at the bank," Pai said. "But now I think I just need to focus on what I can do over the next six months to make sure I don't get laid off."

There is a small silver lining. "The people who do survive this in the banking sector will have a promising career," Pai said.

Fresh M.B.A. grads, especially those working for large banks, say they are living in a climate of fear.|103

Document MRKWC00020081007e4a700565

Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:38 PM
    
