 
Financial Post
Government intervention curbs home sales in Vancouver

Barbara Shecter 
Financial Post
504 words
5 January 2017
The London Free Press
LNDNFP
Final
N7
English
Copyright © 2017 The London Free Press 

The number of residential property sales in the greater Vancouver region fell by 5.6 per cent in 2016 - including a nearly 40 per cent yearover-year plunge in December alone - as governments took steps aimed at reining in redhot real estate markets in parts of the country.

Figures released by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver on Wednesday, however, showed that house prices have cooled by only 2.2 per cent during the past six months, with the MLS Home Price Index composite benchmark price of all residential properties in Metro Vancouver ending the year at $897,600.

"The spate offederal and provincial measures has seen the Vancouver market temporarily freeze in its tracks, as buyers and sellers both try to assess the implications for valuations ahead," said Avery Shenfeld, chief economist at CIBC Capital Markets.

The interventions include a 15 per cent land transfer tax imposed on foreign buyers by the government of British Columbia. The federal government also made changes, including tightening qualifications for mortgage default insurance with the aim of ensuring homebuyers could manage their monthly payments at higher interest rates.

In addition, the Canada Revenue Agency is hoping to curb speculation and foreign buying by auditing tax forms to ensure house sellers who claim a principal residence tax exemption actually lived in those homes.

Shenfeld said sales volumes in greater Vancouver are likely to revive at some point this year. However, prices are expected to show "at least some lasting impact" from new tax measures aimed at foreign buyers, as well as government intervention designed to tighten the mortgage market, he said.

Still, he cautioned that market watchers shouldn't read too much into the short-term trends, noting that Vancouver has experienced previous pricing dips that didn't last.

"And its market has historically been more volatile than, say, Toronto," Shenfeld added.

Dan Morrison, president of the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver, said the full impact of government and regulatory intervention taken in the latter half of last year won't be fully understood "for some time." However, some market watchers expect this year to be pivotal.

"The macro-prudential moves taken by various levels of government to slow the acceleration of housing prices in Vancouver and other major market in Canada are expected to have the desired effect in 2017," said David Beattie, senior vice-president in the Financial Institutions Group at Moody's Investors Service.

The numbers released Wednesday by the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver showed a marked decline in sales volume in December from both the preceding month and a year earlier.

Residential property sales in the region totalled 1,714 in December, a decrease of 39.4 per cent from the sales recorded in December of 2015, and down 22.6 per cent from November of last year.

Last month's sales were also 8.1 per cent below the 10-year sales average for the month.

Document LNDNFP0020170105ed150002m




Money
The shocking cost of staying at home this New Year as 40 million Brits prepare for the 'big night in'

By James Andrews 
504 words
30 December 2016
11:01 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2016 Mirror Group Ltd 

More than three people in four will be seeing in 2017 at home - either quietly or surrounded by friends - but this could quickly turn into an extra bill

More than one person in four is planning on seeing in the new year at home with their partner while another one in seven will be at a dinner or party at a friend's house and one in six will be home alone, according to Post Office Money research.

Overall an astonishing 40million people - or 78% of the population - will be at either their home or a friend or relative's on midnight, December 31.

But while you might think those staying in - rather than going out - to see in 2017 would save money, an awful lot of them could end up with a rather big bill as a result.

More than one party host in eight experienced damage to their home at a New Year's party last year, while a combination of alcohol and late nights ups the risk of damage to the house for those staying in whether they have friends round or not.

Where to celebrate New Year's Eve for free across the UK

The most common New Year's mishaps

"Celebrating at home isn't without its pitfalls. Our research has shown damages can be significantly more than your average night out would cost," said Rob Clarkson, managing director of Post Office Money insurance.

"Anyone considering hosting a party should be sure that they are properly covered for accidental damage to avoid starting 2017 facing a hefty repair bill."

The costs aren't small, either - with separate research from eMoov putting them at a staggering £1,062.

And that's on top of any money you've already spent getting your house ready for New Year's.

"Parties are great fun, and it is amazing to ring in the new year with a bunch of friends in one room. But when it comes to all the things that could go wrong, a party seems less appealing when there are plenty of venues to host such an event," eMoov.co.uk founder Russell Quirk said.

Cost of NYE damage

We asked Post Office Money for their top tips for a fun, but accident free, New Year's Eve:

Prepare for minor cleaning emergencies throughout the night- stains can set in quickly, so be ready to act fast

If at all possible, cover carpets to prevent damage from spilt food and drinks

Protect your valuables so they're not damaged, broken or worst yet, stolen!

Put a family member in charge of coats and guests' other belongings. This will prevent partygoers straying into rooms they shouldn't!

If you have an open fire, be sure to place a fireguard in front of it to prevent accidents from stray sparks

London armed police for New Year's Eve

Document MIRUK00020161229eccu002xl




Personal Finance
Here are the least affordable places to buy a home in the U.S. For house buyers, the search for a home is getting more complicated.

Kari Paul, MarketWatch 
504 words
29 December 2016
09:17 PM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2016 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

For house buyers, the search for a home is getting more complicated.

If you want to purchase an affordable home, there are a few neighborhoods to avoid.

New York County and San Francisco County predictably top the list, according to data from the U.S. Census Bureaucomparing median home values against median household income. The median home price in New York County was 11.6 times the median income ($849,000 versus $73,000) and 9.8 times in San Francisco Count ($800,000 versus $81,000). Several of the other least affordable places were in California, including Marin County, San Mateo County and Santa Clara. Arlington, Va. Honolulu, Hawaii where the median home value is 7.78 times larger than the median income of $74,000 at $580,000 also topped the charts for least affordable homes.

Lawrence Yun, chief economist for the National Association of Realtors (NAR) said the organization's numbers are consistent these findings. The highest growth seen this past quarter was in Titusville, Fla., Tampa, Fla., Boulder, Colo. and Wichita Falls Texas. Some newcomers to its list of least affordable homes include Austin, Seattle, and Denver - places that may once have been affordable but have seen home values skyrocket in recent years. "Cities that were considered unaffordable a couple years ago have become even more so now because this is where prices are rising at the strongest rates," he said.

Don't miss:The 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S.

Pricing trends can also push homeowners back and forth between neighborhoods. For example, people used to move to Brooklyn because Manhattan was too expensive, but U.S. Census data found Brooklyn has now become less affordable than Manhattan after the influx of new inhabitants. When it comes to affordability ratings, Yun said, home prices are a larger determinant than average income level - the most expensive home in San Francisco, for example, is likely higher in price than expensive homes in Indianapolis.

This is making the climate difficult for first time home buyers. Despite the federal government's efforts to boost homeownership, more millennials are currently living with family than have been in the past 75 years. As young people are push off the age they buy a first home further, Yun suggests they look to the middle of the country. "Generally speaking the Midwest tends to be more affordable because there is more possibility to build housing," he said. "Any coastal regions or mountainous regions space where is more limited for development possibility, that's where the prices to shoot up really fast."

Also see: The $72,000 question you should be asking your real estate agent

Ultra-rich Americans own an average of 9 homes - here's where they are

7 ways to keep your smart home from being hacked

Document MRKWC00020161229ecct00105




BUSINESS
Indian-origin ex-portfolio manager charged in US bribery scam

504 words
22 December 2016
Press Trust of India
PRTRIN
English
Copyright 2016. The Press Trust of India Limited. 

From Yoshita Singh

New York, Dec 22 (PTI) An Indian-origin former portfolio manager at one of the largest pension funds in the US is among three people charged in a bribery scam where billions of dollars of business was steered to broker-dealers in exchange for luxury vacations, drugs, cash and prostitutes.

Navnoor Kang, 38, the former director of fixed income and head of portfolio strategy at the New York State Common Retirement Fund (NYSCRF) and Deborah Kelley, 58, a managing director of institutional fixed income sales at a New York-based broker-dealer, have been charged  with participating in a "pay-for-play" bribery scam involving the NYSCRF.

Kang was arrested yesterday in Portland and will be presented later before a US Magistrate Judge.

Kelley is expected to surrender to authorities in San Francisco, US Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara said.

Bharara also announced unsealing of charges against Gregg Schonhorn, a vice president of fixed income sales at a New York-based broker-dealer who pled guilty and admitted to his participation in the scheme.

Bharara said Kang allegedly steered billions of dollars of business to broker-dealers who bribed him with luxury vacations, high-priced watches, drugs and cash.

"The hard-earned pension savings of New Yorkers should never serve as a vehicle for corrupt, personal enrichment. The intersection of public corruption and securities fraud appears to be a busy one, but it's one that we are committed to policing," he said.

The NYSCRF was a pension fund administered for the benefit of public employees of the State of New York and is third largest pension fund in the US, holding approximately USD 184 billion in assets in trust for a total of more than one million retirees and other beneficiaries.

From January 2014 through February 2016, Kang served as Director of Fixed Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy for the NYSCRF.

In that capacity, he was responsible for investing more than USD 53 billion in fixed-income securities and was entrusted with discretion to manage those investments on behalf of the NYSCRF.

From 2014 through 2016, Kang and others participated in a scheme to defraud the NYSCRF and its members and beneficiaries that involved an agreement to pay Kang bribes - in the form of entertainment, travel, lavish meals, prostitutes, nightclub bottle service, narcotics, tickets to sports games and other events, luxury gifts and cash payments for strippers and Kang's personal expenses - in exchange for fixed-income business from the NYSCRF.

Such bribes - which totaled more than USD 100,000 - were strictly forbidden by the NYSCRF, and were paid secretly and without any disclosure to the NYSCRF and its members and beneficiaries concerning the conflicts of interests inherent therein.

In exchange for the bribes paid by Kelley, Schonhorn and others, Kang used his post in the NYSCRF to promote the interests of Kelley and Schonhorn and their respective brokerage firms. PTI YAS PMS

Document PRTRIN0020161222eccm00ecq


Actively-managed funds 'overcharging' investors by £6.7bn a year; Should be charging investors passive fees

Tom Eckett 
504 words
20 December 2016
Investment Week
NVWK
English
© 2016 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

Fund managers could be overcharging UK investors an estimated £6.7bn a year for active funds which underperform their benchmarks, according to research from financial adviser Salisbury House Wealth.

The firm calculates that of over £1trn invested in funds in the UK, £924bn sits in active funds, around three quarters of which failed to beat their benchmarks. The assets sitting in these underperforming funds amount to around £690.2bn, for which investors are paying £10.2bn in fees every year. An actively-managed fund costs investors on average 1.48%, while a passive fund charges only 0.5% on average. The firms argues investors are overpaying for these active funds, that should be charging passive prices. It calculated the total amount overpaid by investors for these underperforming active funds comes to £6.7bn a year, compared to if they charged the 0.5% passive fee. Cass professor: Your grandma could do better than 20% of active funds The report comes at a time when active managers are under increasing pressure to justify their fees. Back in November, the FCA released a scathing assessment of actively-managed funds within its Asset Management Market Study. The FCA said at the time: "Our evidence suggests that actively-managed investments do not outperform their benchmarks after costs and that some active funds offer similar exposure to passive funds, but charge significantly more." Tim Holmes, managing director at Salisbury House Wealth, commented: "When it comes to savings, ambivalence can cause serious harm - and the figures are testament to this. "It is dangerously easy to invest money and to then forget about it for several years. But unfortunately this is exactly the kind of situation that leaves people vulnerable to being overcharged by their fund managers - and ultimately to the potential for considerable financial loss. "It is really important that people actively participate in their investments - and that they ensure their fund manager is meeting expectations when it comes to performance. "Those who have not paid attention to their investment performances and demanded the best out of their fund managers, could find themselves severely undercut when it comes to their financial situation - a risk simply not worth taking."

UK active fund assets and fees

UK assets under management

Total UK-domiciled assets under management £1,011bn

% of UK-domiciled assets under management that are actively managed 91.40%

Actively managed UK-domiciled assets under management (91.4% of £1,011bn) £924bn

% of UK funds underperforming benchmark 74.70%

Amount stored in underperforming active funds (74.7% of £924bn) £690.2bn

Cost of fees to investors

Average fee for actively managed funds 1.48%

Average fee for passively managed funds 0.50%

Average fees on funds

Fees on underperforming active fund (£690.2bn x 1.48%) £10.2bn

Fees on passive funds (£690.2bn x 0.5%) £3.5bn

Amount overcharged in fees to UK savers

£6.7bn

To view photo, click here.

Document NVWK000020161223ecck00036




Features
PLAN

504 words
19 December 2016
The Evening Chronicle, Newcastle
EVECHR
1; National
30
English
(c) 2016 The Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd 

from dresses to dryers, blouses to bags, emma johnson previews the best of the christmas discounts HIGH STREET HIT LIST

ALL SAINTS End of season sale is already on with up to 40% off online and in store.

BOUX AVENUE Sale starts on Boxing Day with discounts of up to 75%. A Phoenix gold bra was £32, now £14, matching briefs £16 to £6.

Coast Sale is currently underway with up to 50% off selected styles. A Maneela jacquard dress was £169, now £119.

CURVISSA Sale launches on Christmas Eve. A long floral blouse is now £25, down from £38.

CURRYS Seasonal reductions already available. A Sony Bravia KDL43WD752SU smart 43" LED TV was £549, now £369.

DEBENHAMS The store is holding a Fabulous Gift Event with up to 50% off a host of items. Tresemme Keratin 'Smooth Luxurious Shine' hair dryer collection is now half price at £25.

FRENCH CONNECTION Sale is already underway. A man's Orbison ombre check shirt was £50, now £25.

GAP The Big Winter Sale is already underway with up to 50% off a host of lines. A boys' fair isle crew sweater was £29.95, now £14.99, online exclusive at gap.co.uk HOUSE OF FRASER Sale is already underway with Christmas offers of up to 40% across all departments.

H&M Sale underway with up to 70% off selected lines. A cotton chambray duvet set was £19.99, now £11.

HARVEY NICHOLS Sale launches at 8pm on December 22, with discounts of up to 50% off across fashion, shoes and accessories.

Hobbs Sale underway now with up to 50% on selected products including Christmas gifts, coats, knitwear and dresses. Expect discounts of up to 70% from December 29.

JACQUES VERT Sale starts on December 23 with up to 70% off.

JAEGER Sale is already underway online and in store with savings of up to 50%.

JOHN LEWIS Sale starts online at 8pm on Christmas Eve and in store on December 27. Bargains include this John Lewis loved&found Darling London dress, was £169 now £84.50, and Unreal fur coat, was £195 now £97.50.

KAREN MILLEN Sale has already started online and in store, with up to 50% off.

KURT GEIGER Sale is already in full swing in store and online. The Darla structured tote, right, in wine was £85, now £59.

LAKELAND The store won't confirm Christmas sale dates but currently has some 'cracking deals' on offer including a 3.5L slow cooker, was £29.99, now £14.99.

LAURA ASHLEY Sale already on with up to 50% off homewear and fashion.

LINKS OF LONDON Sale starts on December 26.

Lipsy Sale goes live on Christmas Eve online, then from Boxing Day in store and online.

MARKS AND SPENCER The store won't confirm sales dates but expect discounts come Boxing Day.

MISS SELFRIDGE There is already up to 50% off at Miss Selfridge on selected lines.

NEW LOOK Footwear and accessories sale launches Friday December 23. Clothing sale starts

Document EVECHR0020161219eccj0002g




Ultimus Fund Solutions, LLC; Ultimus Selected by Caldwell & Orkin to Provide Mutual Fund Services

504 words
16 December 2016
Investment Weekly News
INVWK
685
English
© Copyright 2016 Investment Weekly News via VerticalNews.com 

2016 DEC 24 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Investment Weekly News -- Ultimus Fund Solutions(R), LLC (Ultimus(R)) recently announced that it has been chosen to provide a full range of mutual fund services for the Caldwell & Orkin Funds. Caldwell & Orkin, Inc. and its affiliates (Caldwell & Orkin), a Norcross, GA based firm with nearly $215 million dollars in assets under management, chose to entrust Ultimus to deliver quality mutual fund services during this conversion period and thereafter for the firm's one fund, the Caldwell & Orkin Market Opportunity Fund (Fund). The Fund, an alternative long/short equity fund, represents another high quality win for the Ultimus team.

"We continue to support boutique investment managers and small businesses, particularly firms and funds such as Caldwell & Orkin, through our full service mutual fund service offering. Firms of this size find value in our high touch services and in personal relationships," said Bob Dorsey, CEO and Managing Director at Ultimus. "We are delighted to partner with Caldwell & Orkin, guiding them through this conversion, and are eager to develop a mutually rewarding, long term relationship."

Caldwell & Orkin, founded in 1989, is an investment boutique focused on long-short equity investing. With more than 20 years of experience, Caldwell & Orkin offers a unique approach to achieving their Fund's objective. Converting from another service provider, the firm chose Ultimus to provide a full range of mutual fund services, including fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agency services, and distribution, plus IRA custody.

"We selected Ultimus based on their understanding of our situation, their outstanding service reputation, and commitment to provide a smooth transition," commented David Bockel, Portfolio Manager at Caldwell & Orkin. "With the conversion now complete, we have been impressed with the quality of the transition services and their overall project management of assuming all services from our former provider. We look forward to solidifying this partnership in the ensuing months and for years to come." About Ultimus Fund Solutions Ultimus Fund Solutions provides highly customized and comprehensive middle and back office services to midsize and small investment advisors. Ultimus offers service solutions for mutual funds, including fund organization, fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agent and distribution services for both open- and closed-end funds, plus turnkey solutions for collective investment trusts.

Ultimus' middle office service solution for separately managed accounts and private funds encompasses managing the technology infrastructure and operations required to manufacture the data needed for front office decision support platforms, enabling delivery of detailed reporting to advisors, investors, and regulators. Ultimus' comprehensive services are performed by teams of accountants, attorneys, paralegals and other professionals with a wealth of financial services experience. For more information, visit www.ultimusfundsolutions.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161206005249/en/

Keywords for this news article include: Investment and Finance, Ultimus Fund Solutions LLC.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2016, NewsRx LLC

Document INVWK00020161216eccg001sq




Pioneer proposes T pension shift

Beth Healy; Beth Healy 
504 words
16 December 2016
The Boston Globe
BSTNGB
C.1
ISSN:07431791
English
© 2016 The Boston Globe. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

A Boston think tank is proposing an overhaul of retirement benefits the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority offers new employees in a bid to cut costs and bring the transit workers' pensions in line with those of other state employees.

A Boston think tank is proposing an overhaul of retirement benefits the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority offers new employees in a bid to cut costs and bring the transit workers' pensions in line with those of other state employees.

In a report released Thursday, the right-leaning Pioneer Institute proposes moving management of retirement funds for new employees from the $1.5 billion MBTA Retirement Fund to the state pension system.

The authors also recommend the MBTA study leaving the federal Social Security system. While Massachusetts is one of seven states in which public employees do not contribute to Social Security, transit workers and the MBTA do contribute to it, as well as to a pension plan. In fiscal year 2016, the MBTA contributed $34 million to Social Security, according to the report.

But pulling out of Social Security may not be legally possible, and even if it is, the Boston Carmen's Union, Local 589 -- which represents MBTA workers -- says it would oppose the move.

"The union believes this is an issue now precluded by federal law," said Cayenne Isaksen, a spokeswoman for the local, in a statement. She said the design of the pension plan presumes additional benefits from the federal program.

A spokesman for the T declined to comment. A spokesman for the MBTA pension fund was not immediately available to comment on the Pioneer report.

The transit system's pension fund is under pressure from Governor Charlie Baker to move its management to the larger state pension fund.

In July, when Baker first floated the idea publicly, pension fund spokesman Steve Crawford said the board was "willing to examine anything that might improve performance."

Gregory Sullivan, Pioneer's research director and coauthor of the new report, said reworking benefits for new employees would help address the MBTA's growing liabilities. In the last 10 years, the pension system's unfunded obligations have surged from $49 million to more than $1 billion, Pioneer said.

"As the [MBTA pension's] financial condition continues to worsen, state taxpayers are on the hook even though there is little transparency and no state oversight of the fund," Sullivan said in a statement.

State public employees contribute between 9 and 14 percent of their paychecks to their retirement funds, while the state kicks in 12.1 percent, according to Pioneer.

MBTA employees contribute about 12 percent of their salaries toward retirement, including both pensions and Social Security, Pioneer said; the MBTA contributes 22.2 percent.

Pioneer has been a regular critic of the MBTA pension fund, citing its lack of transparency, deteriorating finances, and generous benefits.

Beth Healy can be reached at beth.healy@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @HealyBeth.

Credit: By Beth Healy Globe Staff

Document BSTNGB0020161216eccg001cb




Almost 57,000 student loan borrowers found in Australia

504 words
15 December 2016
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2016.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved. 

MIL OSI New Zealand -

Source: New Zealand Government

Headline: Almost 57,000 student loan borrowers found in Australia

A new information sharing agreement between Inland Revenue and the Australian Tax Office has led to the contact details of almost 57,000 student loan borrowers being located across the Tasman, two thirds of whom are in default.

The agreement came into force in October and the details of around 10,000 New Zealanders were found in the first data match. The process has since been refined and a total of 56,897 people have now been located.

"These borrowers have a combined loan balance of $1.2 billion and $430 million of that is in default. Inland Revenue will now start chasing up these borrowers and taking action to get their student loan repayments back on track," says Mr Joyce says.

Mr Woodhouse says "The data shows that more than half of these borrowers left New Zealand over five years ago, with nearly a quarter having been away for more than 10 years. A third of them have not returned to New Zealand in the past four years. One third of the group has had no contact with Inland Revenue, and 43% have not made a payment since they left New Zealand.

"It's time these people did the right thing and met the obligations they signed up to when they took out their student loan," Mr Woodhouse says.

There will be further data matches in the coming months.

Inland Revenue has also revealed than more than 500,000 borrowers have now repaid their student loan in full since the scheme began in 1992. Over that period just over a million people have taken out a student loan.

The Student Loan Scheme Annual Report also shows that annual level of student loan repayments is increasing significantly.

"The loan payments through PAYE were 6.1 per cent higher than in 2014/15 and the amount repaid directly by borrowers increased by 14.6 percent on the previous year. Since 1992 Inland Revenue has collected $11.5 billion in repayments. In the last quarter total loan repayments were 7.3 per cent higher than the same time last year," Mr Woodhouse says.

"Since the overseas-based borrower programme was established in 2010, it has prompted an estimated $348 million in additional repayments in the period to October, including an increase of more than $100 million in the past financial year. This has contributed to total repayments of more than $1.2 billion in the last financial year, an 8.5 per cent increase in 12 months," says Mr Joyce.

"Borrowers that stay in New Zealand after their study are the best at paying off their loans, with the latest projections showing half of these borrowers will complete repayment in less than six and a half years."

A copy of the Student Loan Scheme Annual Report can be found at http://www.educationcounts.govt.nz/publications/tertiary_education/annua?

Document PARALL0020161215eccf0005w




Living
BONUS CULL Nationwide scraps travel insurance perk for package bank account customers

BY JANE DENTON 
504 words
6 December 2016
03:47 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2016 

NATIONWIDE is scrapping its free annual European travel insurance perk for new FlexAccount switchers from next week.

New customers have until 11.59pm on Wednesday December 14 to apply for a new FlexAccount if they want to get the travel insurance perk before it disappears, MoneySavingExpert said.

Since the Bank of England cut UK interest rates from 0.5 per cent to 0.25 per cent in August, a host of banks and building societies have been axing rates and perks on their accounts.

Existing Nationwide customers who already have a FlexAccount will continue to get their free travel insurance cover, provided they continue to meet the building society's eligibility criteria.

A spokesperson for Nationwide told The Sun Online the travel insurance perk was being axed in order to "simplify our current account range."

The building society's spokesperson added: "Although the FlexAccount current account remains popular, only a very small number of new customers go on to take the benefit."

Helen Saxon, MoneySavingExpert's chief product analyst, said: "The Nationwide free travel insurance offer has been around as long as I can remember.

"But from next week it'll be added to the long casualty list of banks cut or canned in 2016.

"Completely free travel insurance is a rare perk, and it's an especially good deal for older account holders between 65 and 75, when travel insurance starts to get expensive.

"But, if you're paying Natiownide to upgrade the insurance to family or worldwide insurance or you're paying the 75-and-over premium, it's always best to compare if you could get separate travel insurance more cheaply.

"It's also a good idea to look at other bank account perks that give you £100 to switch to them, and ongoing rewards - that could pay for several years' travel insurance. Decide what's most important to you."

New customers looking to open a FlexAccount with the travel insurance perk will need to activate the travel insurance by sending back a form from Nationwide detailing any medical conditions, even if they don't have any.

Anyone using the official current account switching service will be able to send the medical declaration form back to Nationwide straight away.

Customers who don't use the official switching service have to send the medical form back to Nationwide after paying in at least £750 a month into the account for three months.

To continue getting the free travel insurance perk, FlexAccount customers have to pay in at least £750 into their account every month and send in a medical declaration form every year.

Nationwide FlexAccount customers aged 75 or over will need to purchase an 'age upgrade' policy every year to continue getting travel insurance cover.We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4094

Document THESUK0020161205ecc500cvx




REVIEW & OUTLOOK (Editorial)
Obama's Giant Student-Loan Con

504 words
2 December 2016
The Wall Street Journal
J
A14
English
Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Democrats devised the government takeover of student loans as an entitlement that might never be repaid, though they sold it as a money saver. New evidence of this giant con arrives courtesy of a report this week by the Government Accountability Office that estimates the taxpayer losses at $108 billion and counting.

To help pay for ObamaCare, Democrats simultaneously federalized the student loan market and projected fictitious savings, all while adding more than $1.2 trillion to the federal balance sheet. The amount keeps increasing like the debt clock. Liberals then cited the government "savings" to peddle the fallacy that the feds make money off student loans -- a pretext they then used to sweeten debt forgiveness plans that have helped keep default rates artificially low.

The Education Department claims the national student loan default rate is 11.3%, yet only half of all debt is in repayment. Borrowers can seek forbearance or deferment if they are unemployed, return to school or claim financial difficulties. Or they can enroll in income-based repayment plans that let them discharge the debt after making payments equal to 10% of their discretionary income for 20 years. Those who work in "public service" -- government or a nonprofit -- can wipe out their debt in 10 years without a tax penalty.

Initially, only students who borrowed in 2014 or later were eligible for these generous loan forgiveness plans. Then President Obama retroactively extended the benefits to buy millennial votes. Over the last three years the share of outstanding federal direct loan dollars in income-based repayment plans has doubled to 40%. Costs have exploded.

GAO estimates that 5.3 million borrowers, or 24% of former students, have enrolled in income-based repayment plans. They collectively owe $355 billion, $108 billion of which will eventually be forgiven. But this sum covers only loans through the current school year and will likely grow as more borrowers exploit the entitlement. In April the Administration announced a goal of adding two million to the debt-forgiveness rolls over the next year.

The agency scores the Education Department for repeatedly low-balling the cost, which has made its loan forgiveness look more affordable. Over eight years the Administration's budget estimates for income-based repayment plans have more than doubled to $53 billion. The department now forecasts that taxpayers will pick up about 21% of the cost for loans in these plans.

GAO warns that the department may still be undershooting the actual cost since it "assumes no borrowers will switch into or out" of the plans. The department's "quality control practices do not ensure reliable budget estimates," GAO concludes, with hilarious understatement. A company that was this sloppy with its accounting would be prosecuted.

To sum up: The Obama Democrats used student loans and loan forgiveness to buy votes and dissembled about the cost. Now as they leave town they are handing Republicans the bill. As for millennials, they'll pay in the end with higher tax rates.

Document J000000020161202ecc20001r




Law
Judges go to war with the government over pensions [CORRECTED]

Frances Gibb 
504 words
17 November 2016
11:01 AM
thetimes.co.uk
TIMEUK
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2016 

Correction: We incorrectly stated (Law, Nov 17) that the salary of a High Court Judge is £183,328 a year. The correct figure is £179,768.

It is unprecedented for the judiciary to take legal action against the government

Yet this week 106 judges did just that. They began a claim in the employment tribunal alleging unlawful discrimination over a new pension scheme that they were forced to join last year.

This scheme, they say, penalises them on ground of age and, in some cases, of race and sex. Michael Beloff, QC, representing six High Court judges, told the tribunal hearing this week that while the judges could have expected a 68 per cent drop in earnings when they went onto the bench, they could not have anticipated that their pensions would be altered "to their substantial financial detriment" by the government, reducing their take-home pay and their long-term benefits. "They were the victims of a deliberate double whammy," he said.

All the judges, he said, were "high flyers" appointed at a relatively early age. While older judges within ten years of retirement were protected from the changes, the younger set were exposed to the "highly disadvantageous" scheme.

High Court judges receive a salary of £183,328 a year. Take-home pay has dropped to £72,357 - some £25,000 less than before the pension changes. Why, Beloff asked, is one group of High Court judges (the younger ones), doing exactly the same kind of work, being treated less favourably than another, "simply because of their date of birth?"

Nor can the judges return to practice: a career as a judge is "a one-way street" and they are barred from going back to the Bar or being a solicitor. "They are all, in a real sense, in a trap," the QC said.

The case goes wider than pay. The judges also claim a breach of a long-held constitutional principle, dating back at least to the Act of Settlement 1701, that neither the legislature nor the executive should subject judges to a reduction in pay (including deferred pay such as pensions) when in office. This principle is "designed to protect the independence of the judiciary, a key element of the rule of law".

It emerged at the hearing that ministers are proposing a 12-15 per cent pay offer to High Court judges. That offer in itself, Beloff argues, "fatally undermines - or at least severely damages" ministers' case that the changes were justified - and is in effect to compensate them for the losses they have suffered. Nor will it remove the discrimination between older and younger judges.

Martin Chamberlain, QC, for the lord chancellor and Ministry of Justice, disgrees that any constitutional principle requires judges to be insulated from adverse pension changes when other public servants are not. And a transitional protection period for those older judges closer to retirement is legitimate. In other words, judges are not a special case.

The hearing will last two weeks. It may well be that judgment coincides with another constitutional clash: the Supreme Court case on Brexit.

Document TIMEUK0020161117ecbh00002




Concerned with Running Out of Money in Retirement? New MassMutual Annuity Option Helps People Secure Their Future

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
16 November 2016
India Insurance News
ATINNW
English
Copyright © 2016 Contify.com 

Nov. 16 -- Running out of money is the number one fear of many people approaching retirement, according to the LIMRA Secure Retirement Institute.[1] The average American retiring at age 65 today can reasonably expect to spend the next 20 to 30 years in retirement, meaning retirement savings may have to last longer than ever before.

This is one reason why deferred income annuities - also called "longevity annuities" - have become so popular with consumers in recent years. Deferred income annuities can help solve for some of the risks associated with longevity - like increased health care costs - by providing a stream of future income that can last a lifetime.

There's been a catch-22, however, for owners of qualified assets, such as those in a traditional IRA or 401(k) plan, who wanted to use those assets to fund a deferred income annuity. The Internal Revenue Code (IRC) generally requires that distributions from these qualified assets must begin no later than age 701/2. Required Minimum Distribution (RMD) rules make it difficult for owners of qualified assets to plan for late-retirement income needs.

In response to the need for greater flexibility for owners of qualified assets, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) recently expanded its deferred income annuity product offering by making it available as a qualified longevity annuity contract (QLAC).

A QLAC is a deferred income annuity offered by an insurance company that allows distributions to begin after age 70 1/2. Approved in 2014 by the IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury, new rules allow owners of qualified assets to delay receiving distributions from the assets in a QLAC up until a maximum age of 85; once distributions begin, all standard RMD rules apply.

Because of strict IRS limits on how a QLAC can be established and funded, this option isn't right for everyone. However, when it is set up and maintained correctly, a QLAC may help the owner to:

* Supplement Social Security retirement benefits or pension benefits with a predictable stream of future income.

* Transfer some of the risks associated with longevity to the insurer. Future income is guaranteed, no matter how long the owner lives or what happens in the financial markets.

* Manage RMDs and plan for expenses that may become a priority later in retirement (such as increased health care costs).

"No matter how you envision retirement, having the freedom to live life your way will depend, at least in part, on having a secure source of income you cannot outlive," said Craig Waddington, actuary and head of retail solutions deployment at MassMutual. "Although no one can predict the future with 100% accuracy, there are steps you can take today to prepare for a more secure and comfortable future, no matter how long your retirement lasts."

Footnote:

[1] LIMRA Secure Retirement Institute, The Retirement Income Reference Book 2015

Source: Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance

Document ATINNW0020161124ecbg0002u




Economy
ECB's Constâncio Sees Heightened Uncertainty Following U.S. Election; Comments indicate the ECB might be wary of slowing or stopping its bond-purchase program

By Tom Fairless 
504 words
14 November 2016
09:48 PM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

FRANKFURT-A top European Central Bank official said the world economy faces "an abnormal degree of uncertainty" in the wake of U.S. elections, warning that rising protectionism and political risks in Europe could derail economic growth.

While investors have so far reacted positively to Donald Trump's unexpected victory, policy makers "should be cautious in drawing hasty, positive conclusions," ECB Vice President Vítor Constâncio said, speaking at a financial conference on Monday.

Stock markets surged last week as investors bet that Mr. Trump would fulfill campaign promises of spending more money on infrastructure and the military. Bond prices fell and yields rose amid expectations that greater spending by the U.S. government would boost inflation.

"So far, [market] developments point to a U.S. rise in economic growth, but in the context of an "America first" policy," Mr. Constancio said.

He warned that Europe's export-dependent economies could suffer if the U.S. tilts toward greater protectionism. Mr. Trump has indicated he favors tearing up some trade deals.

"World trade, already quite weak, may continue to collapse, hurting all open economies dependent on exports," Mr. Constancio said. In emerging-market economies, capital outflows and currency depreciation are already under way, he said.

The comments indicate the ECB might be wary of slowing or stopping its ?1.7 trillion ($1.85 trillion) bond-purchase program soon.

ECB policy makers are currently preparing for a key meeting on Dec. 8, where they are expected to decide on the future of their ?80 billion a month bond-purchase program. The program, known as quantitative easing, is to end in March.

Mr. Constancio stressed economic forecasts for the eurozone are "predicated on the current supportive financial conditions persisting." He expressed concern about the weakness of core inflation, which strips out volatile energy and food prices.

"Core inflation?is not recovering, which may affect the dynamics of headline inflation going forward, affecting our monetary policy," Mr. Constancio said.

The ECB aims to keep inflation just below 2%, but it has missed that target for more than three years. Most economists therefore expect the central bank to extend its bond-purchase program by at least six months.

Mr. Constancio said the eurozone's inflation rate would likely rise well above 1% by next spring. But he warned of a range of political risks in Europe that could cause economic shock-waves. Italy's government has scheduled a referendum early next month on overhauls to the nation's constitution, on which Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has staked his political future.

Mr. Constancio urged European governments to help out the ECB by boosting government spending and carrying out economic overhauls.

"Europe must endeavor to work together to face a more challenging world that threatens European values of open and tolerant societies," he said.

Write to Tom Fairless at tom.fairless@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020161114ecbe003e9




Should you top up your nest egg?

By The Canberra Times 
504 words
13 November 2016
Canberra Times
CANBTZ
A046
English
(c) 2016 The Canberra Times 

Should you top up your nest egg?

A lthough the relevant legislation is yet to be passed by the Senate, it's likely super fund members will be able to contribute up to $180,000 (age 65 to 74) or $540,000 (under 65) this financial year as non- concessional contributions. For those with more than $1.6million in super already, it's the last opportunity to boost their superannuation account by making personal non-tax-deductible contributions. For those with lower account balances, there'll still be further opportunities to contribute up to $100,000 (64 to 74) or up to $300,000 (under 65) after July 1, 2017, when the new rules apply. The incentive to make a large additional contribution this year is thus greatest for those with larger account balances or already in retirement or soon to retire. For younger and middle aged people, making large super contributions is less attractive because since 1999 all new contributions are untouchable until age 60. Even for those where gaining access is not an issue, funding a large contribution can be a problem especially when it involves the sale of assets or borrowing against those assets. Selling existing assets triggers any attached capital gains tax liability as well as the risks of achieving comparable after-tax rates of return in the super fund. In today's low interest rate environment, the interest costs of borrowing aren't high but the taxation rules don't allow a tax deduction for interest payments incurred. Borrowing is thus likely to be a viable option only when the loan can be repaid quickly. The biggest incentive to make a large super contribution this year is that from July 1, 2017, those with existing balances of $1.6 million or more won't be eligible to make further non-concessional contributions to their fund. This $1.6million cap will include the notional lump sum value of defined benefit pensions received by the super fund members. This gives defined benefit pension recipients a special reason to investigate the benefits of making a large additional lump sum contribution this tax year while they still can. In evaluating the merits ofadding to superannuation balances by making voluntary contributions, the key consideration is the taxation savings. Given that comparable pre-tax investment returns are available from investments inside and outside super, moving money into super makes sense only if the tax burden on personal investments exceeds that in the super fund. In pension phase, superannuation provides tax- free income after age 60 while in accumulation funds, the maximum income tax rate is 15 per cent with tax-free withdrawals after age 60. In practical terms this means that higher income retirees are most likely to benefit from what for a considerable number will be their last chance to move a large amount into their super fund. Daryl Dixon is the executive chairman of Dixon Advisory. comments@dixon.com.au

82933465

Document CANBTZ0020161112ecbd0000r




MARKETS & INVESTING
Foreign gilt buying soars in September; Capital markets

By Elaine Moore 
504 words
1 November 2016
Financial Times
FTFT
USA Ed1
18
English
Copyright 2016 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web. 

Overseas investors made their heftiest purchases since October 2015

International investors bought the most UK government debt in almost a year in September, as turbulence in the pound failed to dent overseas appetite that has helped keep a cap on Britain's borrowing costs.

Investors from outside the UK increased their holdings of gilts by £13.3bn in September, data from the Bank of England showed yesterday, a sharp rise on the £1.8bn added in August and the heftiest purchases since October 2015.

Since the vote for Brexit in June, overseas demand for gilts has been closely tracked given international investors own roughly a quarter of the £1.6tn market that sets the government's borrowing costs and is a benchmark for companies. Before the EU referendum, the Treasury warned a vote for Brexit could spur heavy selling of gilts from outside the UK.

Gilt prices did fall in the first half of September before closing out the month up from their lows, with the 10-year benchmark yield ending at 0.74 per cent. Yields move in the opposite direction to a bond's price. The pound weakened 1.3 per cent in the month.

But October has proved much more brutal as Brexit-inspired weakness in the pound rattled the sovereign debt market.

The pound has slumped 6 per cent to below $1.22, helping to send the yield on the 10-year gilt to 1.24 per cent, as the faltering currency raises fears of inflation among bondholders.

Gianluca Salford, senior European fixed-income strategist at JPMorgan, cautioned that BoE data that looked positive may not have captured the full extent of international investor positioning, pointing out the fresh weakness in the pound will have widened losses for anyone converting returns into another currency.

The pound and gilts have been under fire since the start of October, when Britain's prime minister, Theresa May, used the Conservative party conference to signal the government was pursuing a hard Brexit that prioritised control over migration, and attacked the BoE's stimulus policies for harming savers.

Bondholders say the shift in political rhetoric towards the BoE and governor Mark Carney has contributed to this month's selling. "The political and market consensus in support of central banks doing whatever it takes to support the economy is fracturing," said David Riley, head of credit strategy at BlueBay Asset Management.

"The low interest rate policies and quantitative easing - large-scale asset purchases - by the world's major central banks are increasingly under attack from politicians," he added.

In the wake of the Brexit vote, the Bank of England opted to cut interest rates to a 322-year low and restart a £70bn quantitative easing programme to bolster the economy, encouraging a rally in gilts.

But the move has drawn loud complaints from pension funds that argue low rates widened deficits, while banks say that ultra-low interest rates obstruct their business models.

Document FTFT000020161101ecb10002c




Pro Bankruptcy
Stech's Take: U.S. Bankruptcies Cite Weak Canadian Dollar; Exchange rates deter cross-border tourists

By Katy Stech 
504 words
2 November 2016
04:40 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Fewer Canadian tourists are crossing the border to spend money in U.S. stores and stay overnight in hotels. And that has been a financial killer for businesses that have historically relied on that spending to survive.

Two Maine hotels-the 94-bed Country Inn Bangor and the 75-bed Comfort Inn Brunswick-that counted on Canadian visitors are quieter these days. Their owner, Austin Hotels LLC, filed for chapter 11 protection on Oct. 24.

"The last three years have seen the Canadian economy take a significant downturn, caused in large part by the global decrease in the price of oil, and the value of the Canadian dollar has dropped against the U.S. dollar," Austin Hotels lawyer George Marcus said in documents filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Portland, Maine. "The impact on Canadian tourism in Maine was immediate and punishing."

The same pressure was felt by Total Hockey Inc., the sport's largest U.S. equipment retailer, which filed for bankruptcy on July 6. The retailer's stores had been profitable until last year.

In court papers, Chief Restructuring Officer Lee A. Diercks said the retailer's troubles worsened as warmer winter weather affected the outdoor skating scene in Minnesota and Michigan and as the Canadian dollar's value fell against the U.S. dollar.

"Because of this, many of the [chain's] retail locations that are strong host cities for youth tournaments...saw many fewer Canadian teams enter events and, if they did attend, they spent far less because of adverse exchange rates," Mr. Diercks said in a filing with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in St. Louis, adding that the chain also had a messy expansion to blame.

Total Hockey lawyers looked for buyers for the 725-worker chain. It was eventually purchased by the Massachusetts-based parent company behind the Pure Hockey and Commonwealth Lacrosse chains in a deal valued at $22.5 million.

The value of the Canadian dollar began falling in 2014, mimicking the drop in natural gas and oil prices. At the current exchange rate, the Canadian dollar is worth just 75 U.S. cents.

The two currencies were near parity for several years before 2014, making trips across the border particularly attractive for Canadian shoppers and tourists.

The Wall Street Journal previously reported on a Washington state dairy farm that had laid off about a dozen of its 110 workers after seeing fewer British Columbia tourists for customers. The report, published in March, noted that the number of Canadian residents traveling to the U.S. fell by a fifth from a year earlier.

Beyond tourism, the strength of the U.S. dollar has hurt the appetite for many American products, from auto parts to vegetables, the Journal noted.

Economists don't see the currency strengthening anytime soon.

Kim Mackrael contributed to this article.

Write to Katy Stech at katherine.stech@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020161101ecb1008px


News
Online firm pairs home buyers, sellers with realtors

Hank Daniszewski 
The London Free Press
504 words
1 November 2016
The London Free Press
LNDNFP
Final
A3
English
Copyright © 2016 The London Free Press 

Lots of folks turn to online dating, using quizzes, photos and profiles to find a life partner.

So why not use that strategy for another big commitment - finding a realtor to buy or sell your home ? That ' s the rationale behind fivewalls (fivewalls. com) a new online business co-founded by a London entrepreneur that matches home buyers and sellers with a select group of experienced realtors.

The service is free to home buyers and sellers. They complete a quiz on the qualifications they want in their realtor, what kind of home they want to buy or sell, the location and price range.

Fivewalls comes back with a short list of realtor profiles, including a personal video produced by London-based Lemontree Photography. The profile lists the realtors ' recently sold homes, the number of transactions in the past year and total years of experience.

" They can get to know an agent without taking a lot of time to meet them. They can review them at their leisure ," said Paul Hayman, who launched the business with a partner a year ago.

Since it was launched, fivewalls has signed up 400 realtors in London, Kitchener-Waterloo and Guelph and about 24,000 people have visited the website to search for an agent.

Fivewalls gets its revenue from member realtors by getting a slice of the commission when a home is sold.

Hayman said fivewalls is poised to jump into the Toronto-area market this spring.

Though he grew up in Belleville, Hayman has deep roots in London. His great-grandfather founded Hayman Construction.

Hayman graduated from Western University and has lived in London for 30 years. He served as entrepreneur-in-residence at Ivey Business School.

Hayman and some partners scored a success developing TFC (The Franchise Company) into a major corporation, selling out to the majority shareholder.

He later gained a background in housing, working with a Texasbased think-tank trying to deal with communities facing widespread vacancies after the housing crash in 2008.

Hayman formed fivewalls in partnership with Lee Piccoli, chief executive of Guelph-based Fusion Homes.

Home buyers and sellers often hooked up with agents by wordof-mouth or meetingthem at open houses, Hayman said.

But with the real estate market moving online, there was a need for people to research real estate agents online, along with homes, he said.

" From the estimates we had, about 10 per cent of the market was already doing that and we thought we could build a business on that ." More recent research shows 30 per cent of consumers are finding real estate agents online, Hayman said.

The London-St. Thomas real estate market has been hot for months and is on track to hit record sales this year.

But the downside for realtors is that competition for listings is intense.

Agents from major brokerages including ReMax, Royal LePage and Sutton Group have joined fivewalls, Hayman said.

/ (See hardcopy for photo); 

Document LNDNFP0020161101ecb100008




Money
Maternity leave - What happens if the baby's born early

By James Andrews 
504 words
26 October 2016
10:52 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2016 Mirror Group Ltd 

Every woman working in the UK is allowed 52 weeks' leave after they have a baby - but what happens if the baby is premature? These are your rights

For some mothers, everything is straightforward. Their baby returns home with them from hospital straight from the labour ward and their maternity leave continues for the next 52 weeks if they want.

For others, things are less simple.

That's because maternity leave automatically starts from the day you give birth, not the day your child's strong enough to come home with you.

"An employee can choose to start her maternity leave on any day, provided that it is not longer than 11 weeks before the week the baby is due," explained Aye Limbin Glassey, employment law partner at Shakespeare Martineau.

"However where a baby is born prematurely her maternity leave starts automatically on the day after the date of the birth, no matter whether born prematurely or not."

Statutory Maternity Pay explained: How to get it, how much money you can claim and how long it lasts

"When workers have children prematurely, they are under an enormous amount of strain dealing with the baby and even when their child is well enough to leave hospital care, they will have to face the stark reality that a significant chunk of their statutory leave and pay has been used up," Limbin Glassey explained.

"This seems harsh and it is understandable that parents in this position would feel that they need more flexibility and support.

"However, under current laws, maternity leave and pay automatically starts the day after a premature baby is born and employers are under no obligation to extend this," she added.

The good news is that this week an amendment to the law is being debated in Parliament that would change things if passed.

"If the amendment ... is made law, employers could be obliged to delay the start of maternity leave and pay to begin only after the period for which the premature baby is under hospital care," Limbin Glassey said.

Meet the mum campaigning for more maternity leave for mothers of premature babies

While things could soon change, that's of little help to people having children before then.

So what can you do now?

"We advise that parents facing this situation start discussions with their employer at the earliest opportunity to enable the employer to put necessary arrangements in place and limit disruption," Limbin Glassey said.

"The more time an employer is given to be able to fully consider the options and plan, the more likely it is that an agreement can be reached.

"This is understandably unlikely to be the parent's top priority, so they may want to consider nominating someone like a family member to maintain communication with their employer on their behalf.

"This will allow for a mutually-beneficial working relationship throughout the maternity period and beyond."

Was your baby born too soon? (JotForm)

Document MIRUK00020161026ecaq002jr




Australia : New data highlights the flaws in failed VET FEE-HELP scheme

504 words
25 October 2016
National News Agency Lebanon
NANLEB
English
© 2016 NNA Lebanon. All Rights Reserved. Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company 

New statistics released today reveal the full extent of the failure of Labors VET FEE-HELP scheme that has seen unscrupulous providers prey on vulnerable students and the cost to taxpayers blow out from $325 million in 2012 to $1.8 billion in 2014 and $2.9 billion in 2015.

Minister for Education and Training Simon Birmingham said the issues with VET FEE-HELP are why the Turnbull Government will shut it down at the end of 2016 with the new VET Student Loans program starting in January with course restrictions for providers, loan caps and student engagement requirements.

The 2015 data is littered with even more examples of rorting and shonky behaviour from some providers who continue to take advantage of students and taxpayers and tarnish the reputation of the vocational education and training sector, Minister Birmingham said.

The Turnbull Governments new VET Student Loans program will return integrity to the vocational education sector and deliver a win-win for students and taxpayers through a range of protections.

Minister Birmingham said the new data showed the number of enrolments had increased from just 5,300 in 2009 to around 321,000 in 2015, highlighting the runaway growth in the scheme before our initial reforms started to fix it in 2016.

Minister Birmingham said that the structure of VET FEE-HELP scheme meant there were too many students being signed up for courses simply to boost providers enrolment numbers or to provide lifestyle choices that dont lead to work.

Australians rightly expect that any subsidies students get are focused on areas of study most likely to improve employment outcomes, Minister Birmingham said.

Vocational education is a key feature of post-school learning in Australia and it is fundamental to our future success as we transition to a 21st century economy. But that means we also need to ensure that taxpayer support for students is targeted at skills that are in high demand and valued by employers.

These new statistics highlight that up to one in five students were doing VET FEE-HELP courses not to improve their job prospects, but to pursue lifestyle interests. While I understand some people may want to broaden their experiences, we need to ensure precious taxpayer money is used to support students doing courses with strong employment outcomes, which also increases the prospects of people paying back their government loan.

All diploma level courses were eligible under VET FEE-HELP, which meant we had a list of more than 800 courses being subsidised by taxpayers despite many being lifestyle focused with little relevance to employment outcomes.

With our new VET Student Loans program we will ensure providers go through a rigorous application process and extensive monitoring and evaluation to ensure they are delivering education that students and employers value and that taxpayers are willing to continue supporting.

VET Student Loans will only support legitimate students to undertake worthwhile and value-for-money courses at quality training providers.

Document NANLEB0020161026ecap000dz




Business
Bond fund warning as sell-off fears increase

James Connington 
504 words
23 October 2016
The Sunday Telegraph
STEL
1; National
5
English
The Sunday Telegraph © 2016. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

BONDS Savers may find they cannot withdraw cash if the market hits trouble, says James Connington

Turmoil in bond markets and a spike in the number of investors wanting to withdraw money "raises questions" about the suitability of popular bond funds, leading analysts have warned.

Bond funds - where savers' cash is pooled and then invested in loans issued by governments and companies - are among the most popular holdings in savers' Isas and pensions.

Many savers view them as a supposedly lower-risk source of income.

But analysts Manuel Arrive and Alastair Sewell of Fitch, the ratings agency, this week questioned whether these funds could withstand a rush to the exit by investors alarmed by a fall in bond prices. They have suggested some funds restrict withdrawals to weekly intervals.

They argue that while these funds allow withdrawals to be made on a daily basis, their managers may struggle to sell holdings quickly enough to be able to pay out.

One outcome could be the forced sale of holdings at poor prices into an already falling market. Another could be the decision by fund managers to temporarily restrict withdrawals.

The warnings are reminiscent of the difficulties facing commercial property funds earlier this year, when a sharp increase in withdrawals forced funds to stop dealing until they could raise cash by selling buildings.

With "open ended" funds, such as unit trusts, investors buy units. There is no limit to the number of units that can be issued.

When withdrawals occur, the fund needs to have the cash to meet them and the units are then cancelled.

If there is little or no market to sell holdings to at the time, managers can battle to put a value on the portfolio and individual units.

With property funds, this dilemma could be seen in the "temporary value adjustments" that applied to many over the summer.

Mr Arrive said: "We haven't seen the same reaction from investors in bond funds as was seen in several UK property funds following the Brexit vote. Some fund types are going to be more exposed to liquidity risk if investor sentiment turns quickly."

According to Fitch's report, the need to meet redemption requests at all times has pushed open-ended bond fund managers to maintain higher cash balances, hindering performance.

While Fitch acknowledged that managers have "taken steps" to better manage the risk posed by liquidity, the report claims "there have been few evolutions in the redemption terms and conditions for open-ended funds".

By comparison, investment trusts, or "closed-ended" funds have a natural release mechanism built in.

Investors buy shares in the investment company itself from a limited issue, and the share price can swing to a premium or a discount compared to the value of the underlying holdings.

In July, Muna Abu-Habsa, an analyst at investment data firm Morningstar, suggested that unit-trust type funds should be limited in the level of illiquid holdings they contain.

Document STEL000020161023ecan0003k




Tax Talk Today Features IRS and Tax Pros Presenting, "Ready, Set, Retire! Helping Your Aging and Elderly Clients"

504 words
20 October 2016
10:17 PM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2016    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

Expert Panel Will Focus on Vehicles for Retirement Savings 


WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--October 20, 2016-- 

Tax Talk Today(R), an online series of webcasts educating tax professionals on current and critical tax issues, announced the topic for its October program, Ready, Set, Retire! Helping Your Aging and Elderly Clients. The Live webcast is scheduled for Tuesday, October 25, at 2 PM ET.

Kerry Hawkins, IRS Supervisory Attorney, Estate Tax, Small Business-Self-Employed, Eric Slack, IRS Senior Tax Law Specialist, Tax Exempt and Government Entities, Jeff Augenstein, EA, NTPI Fellow, An Owner of Northern Arizona Financial Services, and Melissa Longmuir, EA, MBA, President of Centinel Tax Consulting, Inc., will examine the various vehicles for retirement savings, including qualified plans, IRAs, and other, traditional savings vehicles. Panelists then will turn to what happens after retirement and how to protect assets in the most tax-wise fashion. Complete program description.

The broadcast will be Archived for 12 months for viewers who are unable to watch the Live program, or wish to complete a QAS Self Study CPE program. Viewers can earn 2 CPEs for completing this program, and may email questions before and during the Live program.

Specific topics that will be discussed:

Part I - Setting Aside for the Future 


   -- Individual Retirement Accounts 
 
          -- Traditional, Roth IRAs 
 
          -- Rollovers 
 
          -- Conversions 
 
   -- Self-Employed Plans 
 
   -- Employer Plans 
 
          -- Types of qualified plans 
 
          -- Contributions 
 
          -- Pre-retirement distributions 
 
          -- Rollovers 
 
          -- Plan Terminations 
 
          -- Non-qualified plans 
 
          -- Stock plans and options 
 
   -- Other Saving and Investment Options 
 
          -- Insurance/Annuities 
 
          -- Trusts 
 
          -- Savings Bonds 
 
          -- Hard assets 

Part II - Drawing Down for the Present 


   -- Social Security 
 
          -- Benefits available 
 
          -- Taxation of/Reduction in benefits 
 
   -- Retirement Savings 
 
          -- Annuity payments 
 
          -- Savings bonds 
 
          -- Life Insurance 
 
          -- Reverse mortgage 
 
   -- Asset and Lifestyle Protection 
 
          -- Long-term Care insurance 
 
          -- Medicare /supplemental payments 
 
          -- Asset protection/Family/Residence/Business trusts 

Viewers needing Continuing Professional Education credit (CPE Credit) can take advantage of a Tax Talk Today subscription price of $270.00 or $18.00/credit for 15 CPE credits, which includes all 8 programs. Up to 21 CPE credits can be purchased. Tax Talk Today is an IRS Approved Continuing Education Provider.

About Tax Talk Today, The Tax Show for the Tax Pro

An 8-program, 15 CPE, webcast series, designed to educate tax professionals with reliable information about complex tax issues. Tax Talk Today features roundtable discussions and real-time interaction with industry professionals, and IRS officials. Tax Talk Today collaborates with the IRS and the NAEA to provide content meeting CPE Credit requirements for CPAs, Enrolled Agents, Voluntary OTRPs, attorneys, and all professionals needing CPE credits in the tax area. Programs are available Live, Archived or Podcast. Contact Paul Lamonia at 202-559-9330 or Lamonia@TaxTalkToday.com or visit www.TaxTalkToday.com.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161020005174/en/


 
    CONTACT: Tax Talk Today 

Paul Lamonia, 202-559-9330

Lamonia@TaxTalkToday.com 


 
    SOURCE: Tax Talk Today 
Copyright Business Wire 2016 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020161020ecak00040




Business
MARKET MOVERS THOMAS WELLS & PAUL PARASCANDALO

504 words
9 October 2016
The Sunday Times
ST
1; Ireland
9
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2016 

Thomas Wells and Paul Parascandalo are co-fund managers with Aviva Investors, which has £319bn (?363bn) of assets under management.

Their responsibilities include the Multi Asset Fund (MAF) Strategic, which is open to investors with a lump sum of at least ?5,400 or those who agree to invest ?100 a month.

Philosophy The MAF Strategic invests in a selection of different asset classes including cash, bonds, equities, property and alternatives such as commodities. It's designed for investors looking for a balanced mix between investments that offer potential for growth but are more defensive in nature.

"We're trying to create an investment solution that ensures ongoing suitability for investors," said Wells. "It's not just finding a solution that is appropriate for an investor at a single point in time, but one that is an appropriate solution on an ongoing basis."

Performance The fund is up 3.4% over a year, while over three years the fund is up an average of 7.6% a year. The fund's five-year annualised return is 7.4%.

"Last year was a challenging period but we invest for a three-year time horizon and on that basis our performance has been very good," said Wells.

Buying and selling The fund classifies its holdings under three broad categories: growth assets such as equities and high yield bonds; defensive assets which include government and investment grade bonds; and uncorrelated assets such as property.

The fund has recently taken profits on some of its growth asset holdings including North American, European and emerging market equities.

"There's been a very strong rally in the last number of months so we took some money of the table," said Wells. "We will go back in at more attractive levels if there is any sort of correction."

Wells said that over the past nine months the fund had increased its holding of global high yielding bonds as well as emerging market currency bonds of countries such as Indonesia and South Africa.

"These positions have done particularly well," he said. "Performance of emerging market local currency debt has been in double digits."

About 7% of the fund is currently held in cash, higher than its historical average. Wells, pictured, said it was part of the fund's current strategy of "building up its dry powder".

Outlook Wells sees a sustained period of volatility ahead but he believes markets will stay "range bound".

"None of the sources of volatility such as fears over China, American interest rate hikes, or Brexit have left us," he said.

"Markets are volatile and they're going to stay volatile."

Wells intends to use any sell-offs to build on the fund's current strategy of holding income-paying assets.

"If there are market corrections we will be adding risk and adding to emerging market debt local currency and global high yield. Given that we see markets are being range-bound, we want to build more income into the portfolio."

Document ST00000020161009eca900006


Residential Customers Seeing Lower Electric Bills Thanks to NatGas, EIA Says

504 words
7 October 2016
NGI's Daily Gas Price Index
NGID
English
Copyright 2016 Intelligence Press, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Besides helping to lower carbon emissions, the continued growth of cheap natural gas-fired power generation in the United States in 2016 seems to be lowering residential electric bills as well.

Based on data collected through the first half of 2016, U.S. residential electricity prices are trending down for the first time in over a decade, according to the Energy Information Administration's (EIA) "Today in Energy" note published Thursday.

Through six months "residential customers paid on average 12.4 cents/kWh, or 0.7% lower than the same period last year," EIA wrote. "If this trend continues for the rest of 2016, annual average residential electricity prices would decline for the first time since 2002. Over the past five years, nominal residential prices have increased an average of 1.9% annually, about the same rate as overall inflation."

Residential ratepayers "in most areas of the country are seeing lower retail electricity prices this year compared with the same time last year," and the availability of cheap natural gas has been one of the main catalysts, EIA said. "Over the first six months of 2016, the weighted average cost of natural gas delivered to electricity generators was $2.58/MMBtu, 28% lower than the first half of 2015."

The New England region, coming off higher retail and wholesale power prices between 2013 and 2014, has seen residential prices fall by 6% through the first six months of 2016, averaging around 19.2 cents/kWh, EIA said. "Improved supplies of natural gas into the region, along with lower natural gas prices, have contributed to the region's declining retail electricity rates so far in 2016."

Noting a recent uptick in natural gas prices, EIA said its latest projections expect the average delivered cost of natural gas to be 27% higher in 2H2016 compared to 1H2016, with prices continuing to trend upward in 2017. Consequently, U.S. residential electricity prices are also expected to increase in 2017 by 3%, EIA said.

"Not all recent declines in electricity prices can be attributed to developments in natural gas markets," EIA said. Hawaii, for example, uses petroleum in a number of its generating units, "and the falling cost of crude oil has contributed to a 12% decline in retail electricity prices so far in 2016."

After natural gas overtook coal's monthly share of U.S. electric generation for the first time in decades in 2015, power sector demand for gas has continued to increase in 2016 (see Daily GPI, Sept. 2).

The increased role of gas in the power stack has helped drive down greenhouse gas emissions, with U.S. carbon dioxide emissions falling below 2005 levels last year (see Daily GPI, May 9).

Even President Obama on Monday defended the role natural gas and unconventional shale development have played in addressing climate change (see Daily GPI, Oct. 4).

You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 180 days.

Document NGID000020161008eca700003




Help clients get the most from Medicare: Retirement Scan

Editorial Staff 
504 words
5 October 2016
Bank Investment Consultant
BINV
Vol.1, No.1
English
(c) 2016 Bank Investment Consultant and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

Medicare recipients: Tips on getting what's yours

Many seniors fail to make the most of Medicare, as they don't understand how the program works, and they make the wrong decisions when choosing the coverage and timing their enrollment, according to this article in USA Today. "People are used to employer health insurance and are surprised when they need to make all these complicated decisions for themselves when they move to Medicare. There often is no one to help them," says the expert. "Medicare is so needlessly complicated that people often are paralyzed, cannot make a decision and thus do nothing." One mistake people make is not switching their Medicare plans during the annual open enrollment period, which runs from Oct. 15 through Dec. 7 each year. Research shows that millions of people could find better coverage at lower cost if they took advantage of this "terrific do over" opportunity, an expert said.

How to defuse the tax bomb in your retirement plans

To minimize the tax bite on their savings and maximize after-tax income in retirement, clients may want to use a portion of their traditional IRA to buy a Qualifying Longevity Annuity Contract, according to this article on Forbes. They may also consider purchasing fixed and variable deferred annuities and investing in stocks, as dividends are taxed at a lower rate or not taxed depending on their tax bracket. Another option is to tap their home equity by applying for a reverse mortgage for tax-free income, or home equity line of credit with a tax-deductible interest.

Should you try to market-time your dollar-cost averaging strategy?

Retirement savers may want to consider a dollar-cost averaging strategy, which requires clients with a fixed amount of funds to follow a certain schedule for investing the money, according to this article on Motley Fool. "I believe in dollar-cost averaging, rather than just waiting to have a huge lump sum and dumping it in, because what if then the market falls two weeks after that?" says an expert. "You've basically treated your entire savings as that one investment, rather than waiting until right after or right before and splitting it in half."

Using 'brokerage window' to expand 401(k) options

401(k) participants who want to manage their own investments may want to use their employer's brokerage window, which allow employees to choose their investments from a broader menu of individual stocks and mutual funds, according to this article on CNBC. More employers are offering brokerage window to their workers. "About 15 to 20% of our overall book of plans uses these, but 45 to 50% of the very large firms offer them," says an expert with Fidelity. "The large plans have a level of sophistication from an administrative standpoint. They have educational programs and oversight that allows them to take that responsibility on."

Document BINV000020161005eca5000gp




News
Landlords will face tougher tests from mortgage lenders

Tom Knowles, Property Correspondent      
504 words
30 September 2016
10:01 AM
thetimes.co.uk
TIMEUK
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2016      

Landlords will face tougher stress tests from mortgage lenders next year as the Bank of England attempts to bring the booming buy-to-let sector into line with the rest of the housing market.

For the first time, the Bank's Prudential Regulation Authority has implemented regulations that a landlord must meet to be given a mortgage.

The rules have been introduced to ensure landlords do not get into mortgage payment difficulties if interest rates were to climb sharply or if a landlord's income fell sharply.

However, some brokers have criticised the changes, arguing that they are an attack on small landlords who may struggle to pass the affordability tests.

"This feels like the regulator is looking to, if not prosecute, then certainly rein in the buy-to-let market very, very hard," Simon Collins, at the mortgage broker John Charcol, said.

Richard Donnell, research director at the property analyst Hometrack, said that the regulations would require some landlords to find as much as £35,000 more of their own money to receive a mortgage.

Mr Donnell said: "That's a lot of money. If you take it alongside the extra stamp duty costs for buy-to-let and the tax relief changes, then buy-to-let has gone from being a no-brainer for investors to forcing people to put more money in and minimise the risk. This may mean a slowdown in the buy-to-let market."

The sector has enjoyed a boom in the past ten years. Some two million people are now private landlords, together renting out five million properties, according to Paragon, a mortgage lender.

Yet the Bank of England has been concerned for some time that the unregulated lending boom was a threat to the economy, arguing that a sudden sell-off of landlords' properties in an economic downturn would have a drastic effect on the housing market.

Landlords have already faced a tough year from regulators. In April, the government introduced an additional 3 per cent stamp duty surcharge on second homes and buy-to-let properties. George Osborne, the former chancellor, also reduced the tax relief landlords will be able to claim on mortgage payments from 2017.

Under the changes from the Bank of England, banks and specialist buy-to-let lenders will also be required to make sure that a landlord could still afford to meet their mortgage repayments if interest rates were to rise to 5.5 per cent over a minimum of five years.

The Bank's financial regulator will also ask lenders to assess whether a borrower's monthly rental income from a property is enough to cover their mortgage payments, or whether the landlord has enough of their own money to be able to keep paying the mortgage. This ratio will be 125 per cent so if a landlord's monthly mortgage costs are £1,000, then the rent they must receive is £1,250 a month.

Document TIMEUK0020160929ec9u000f5


News
Long-term care delay post-fire frustrates seniors

Vincent Mcdermott 
Fort Mcmurray Today
504 words
28 September 2016
Fort McMurray Today
FTMTDY
Final
A2
English
Copyright © 2016 Fort McMurray Today 

The leadership of Fort McMurray's leading seniors' advocacy group says further delaying a planned longterm care facility during the rebuild "goes beyond common sense."

During a Monday meeting of the municipality's Land Planning and Transportation Committee, it was announced development of the long-term care facility was stalled.

Council is willing to commit $10.5 million to the project as soon as the province reaches out to the advisory committee on aging. The municipality is still awaiting a response, and administration says the delay is an example of the wildfire's fallout slowing bureaucracy.

Joan Furber, president of the Golden Years Society, said in May she hoped the project would not be forgotten during the rebuilding process. Now, she says many seniors are back to wondering when any progress on the project will be made.

"When I read what happened, my mouth jus t dropped," she said. "Is the message that people have to work here for decades then leave town when they're old?

How much of a priority do we have to be?" Last November, the province announced the long-term care facility planned for Parsons Creek would be moved to Willow Square, the site seniors had said they preferred. Consultation would be held over the next year to influence the design phase.

At the time, the province estimated a four-year wait for a Willow Square facility to open, factoring in time for consultation, design and construction.

"This is the year they should have been consulting overtime with our community,"

says Tany Yao, Wildrose MLA for Fort McMurray-Wood Buffalo. "We know they have the money for it in the provincial budget, there's no reason why they can't still be doing those meetings with us right now."

Shortly after the city reopened, Furber says the message from municipal and provincial officials would be that development of Willow Square could be delayed up to a year. She says few seniors had an issue with that and understood the circumstances. Yet, there was still an expectation that consultation would continue in some form.

"So much has happened in the last few months, we get that things are going to be a little late," she says. "It's just there seems to be an excuse for everything. When I was told things would be slower, and again I understood that, we were also told not to worry."

The bureaucratic fallout of the wildfire has also delayed construction and consultation for several other capital projects, the committee was told. These include the Conklin Multiplex and the redevelopment of expropriated land in downtown Fort McMurray.

vmcdermott@postmedia.com

Olivia Condon, Fort Mcmurray Today, Postmedia Network / The large sign promoting an aging in place facility, what would have been Willow Square, sits vacant more than three years since the sign was erected on the corner of Franklin Ave. and Hospital Street in Fort McMurray Alta., September 27, 2016.; 

Document FTMTDY0020160928ec9s00005




Business
On the Money: How to protect against law-breaking landlords

Lucy Tobin      
504 words
28 September 2016
12:40 AM
London Evening Standard Online
NSONL
English
(c) 2016 Evening Standard Limited.      

Don't let your landlord harass you - the law could well be on your side

One in five private tenants in London has been a victim of law-breaking landlords, with renters having gas and electricity supplies cut off, deposits left unprotected, and possessions thrown out illegally.

That's according to YouGov research for housing charity Shelter, that found some 350,000 renters in the capital have suffered from landlords' unlawful behaviour, such as entering homes without permission and making threats.

Yet London's housing capacity problems, and soaring rents, makes tenants more willing to tolerate bad landlords. So if a private landlord threatens you with eviction, enters your flat or house without asking consent, or discriminates against you, what can you do?

If you've been faced with eviction

First, check the threat is legal: landlords have to follow specific rules, especially for tenants with a fixed-term contract.

Most landlords will have to issue a Section 21 notice with two months' warning of eviction, and apply for a court order - they can't just turn up at your door threatening eviction. Landlords also need to have placed your deposit in a government-backed tenancy deposit scheme. If not, their eviction efforts may be illegal.

If a mortgage lender is trying to evict you because the landlord has missed payments, there may still be a way out. If, for example, you were living in the property when the mortgage was granted, you may be able to avoid being evicted. If not, and the property is being repossessed, new rules allow you to delay this process by up to two months. Contact your local CAB (citizensadvice.org.uk) for help, or Shelter's advice line on 0808 800 4444.

If your deposit isn't protected

Any landlord offering an "assured shorthold tenancy" (the most common type) beginning after April 6, 2007,has to put the deposit into a government-backed tenancy deposit scheme.

If yours hasn't done so, you can take the landlord to the small claims court to reclaim the deposit, and a penalty.

Landlords and harassment

Clearly there's a difference between an annoying landlord with over-strict rules and a harassing one.

The latter disturbs or removes your belongings, cuts off your energy or water, is violent, or enters your home without permission. "It could also be harassment if your landlord tries to take away your legal rights as a tenant," says Shelter.

If you are being harassed, keep written records or photos of incidents, ask them to contact you only in writing, and only see them with a witness.

Shelter advises that if their harassing behaviour continues even after you write them a complaint, write saying you will take legal action.

Contact your local council's tenancy relations officer to speak to your landlord on your behalf. If you feel the council doesn't deal with it properly, contact the Local Government Ombudsman (lgo.org.uk).

Document NSONL00020160927ec9r0035x




Features
MARKET MOVERS MICHAEL KERLEY

504 words
25 September 2016
The Sunday Times
ST
1; Ireland
9
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2016 

Michael Kerley is portfolio manager with Henderson Global Investors, which has ?114.4bn of assets under management.

His responsibilities include the Horizon Asian Dividend Income Fund, available to Irish investors through RaboDirect. The minimum investment amount is ?100.

Philosophy The Horizon Asian Dividend Income Fund seeks to achieve an abovebenchmark dividend yield from a portfolio of Asian stocks with a focus on value and long-term capital appreciation.

The fund adopts a bottom-up investment strategy, picking stocks based on their individual attributes rather than the focusing on the wider macroeconomic environment.

"We think dividend growth in Asia will be way in excess of developed markets," said Kerley. "The fund is designed for people who want to diversify their income stream by looking at other parts of the world."

Performance The fund is up 13.1% over the past 12 months. Over five years it has risen by an average of 8.5% a year.

"We aim for a higher dividend yield but with lower volatility, and I think we have managed to achieve that," said Kerley.

Buying and selling The fund had a broadly positive view on China's A-share stock market, said Kerley, recently adding shares in China Yangtze Power.

"The company owns and operates a dam on the Yangtze river which produces hydroelectric power," he said. "The dam has been built and the company is now very cash flowgenerative. We think its dividend yield will grow in excess of 20% per annum over the next three years."

The fund has also added shares in bus maker Zhengzhou Yutong Bus.

"Zhengzhou Yutong is the largest global producer of electric buses," said Kerley. "Not only is there great demand for these buses in China, but they're also being sold into Europe."

Kerley was also positive about the dividend prospects for Korean stocks. The fund recently added shares in Korean oil company SK Innovation, Korean bank KB Financial and utility company Korea Electric Power.

"Korea was a bit like Japan in that it never really embraced dividends, but we think a real sea change is taking place," he said. "The government is putting pressure on companies to increase dividend payouts, which we are starting to see."

The fund has sold holdings in Australian stocks such as energy utility company Duet and real estate investment trust Scentre Group. According to Kerley these companies had been overvalued, with investors bidding up their share prices in the chase for yield.

Outlook Having underperformed in recent years, Asia-Pacific equities are trading at a discount and are poised to re-rate, said Kerley.

"After disappointing for the past three or four years, company earnings are recovering in Asia while valuations are at a decent discount relative to the rest of the world," he said.

Kerley is "hugely positive" about the dividend prospects of Asian companies.

"Dividend payout ratios are a lot lower in Asia than in the rest of the world, so the potential for dividend growth is a very compelling," he said.

Document ST00000020160925ec9p00012


Student Loan Debt Has Minimal Impact on Retirement Savings

Javier Simon 
504 words
20 September 2016
Plan Sponsor
PLNSPR
English
© 2016. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Even though Americans are looking at record high student loan debt, graduates may be compensating through means other than cutting retirement saving, according to new research.

Americans are looking at record-high student loan debt. According to a study by the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College, 70% of graduates have student loans averaging $30,000. In 1993, 47% of students graduated with loans averaging $10,000. This trend raises questions about how student loan debt is affecting retirement savings for employees and to what extend they may compensating by either cutting savings or consumption.

The CRR pursued some of these questions by focusing on 30-year-old working graduates in employer-sponsored retirement plans. However, the firm found that the estimated relationship between student loans and plan participation is small and "statistically insignificant." 

CRR's research indicates that the value of median retirement assets for participants with student debt at age 30 is $10,075 and the same for those without student loans is $10,680, according to a new report.The study also found that 55% of respondents with student loan debt are plan participants, while 42% of participants don't have student loans.

Furthermore, the research indicates that individuals with larger loan balances are more likely to accept employer-sponsored retirement plans.

The CRR says, "This lack of a relationship between student loans and retirement plan saving suggests that the detrimental effect of student debt manifests itself either through reduced consumption or other reductions in net worth, such as credit card debt."

According to their research, participants with student loans have higher levels of debt from other sources. The CRR points out that 30-year-old graduates with loans have median debt levels of $7,500. For those without student loans, the level is $3,000.

The research also examines student-loan holders who aren't graduates.

The CRR reports that among non-graduates who attended college, those with student loans had a median non-student debt of $4,500 at age 30, compared to $1,750 for non-graduates without student loans. The research also found that 40% of respondents who have student debt but no degree are retirement plan participants, while 31% of non-degree holding respondents with student debt are not.

The median level of retirement assets for respondents with student loans and no degree is $5,874. The median level of retirement assets for those who attended college but have no student loans or degrees at age 30 is $7,252.

"How Does Student Debt Affect Early-Career Retirement Saving" by the CRR uses the "National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 1997 Cohort," a large sample of workers turning 30, which includes detailed controls including school quality, parental background, and the underlying ability of the college attendee. The CRR analysis focuses on participation in an employer-sponsored retirement plan and retirement assets as of age 30. It can be found online here.

editors@plansponsor.com 

Document PLNSPR0020160921ec9k00001




Quasi-Testamentary Dispositions: A Lesson From The Insurance Act

Arthur Fish 
504 words
15 September 2016
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2016 Mondaq Ltd 

Few would be surprised to hear that Canada's aging population has created challenges for many professionals, particularly those who do estate planning.

Recent changes to Ontario's Insurance Act respond to some of those challenges and will be of interest to insurers, financial planners and insurance agents in Ontario. On July 1, 2016, amendments to sections 221 and 322 of the Insurance Act took effect. These amendments provide that where it appears to an insurer that a representative of a beneficiary who is a minor may accept payments on behalf of the beneficiary under the law of the jurisdiction in which the beneficiary resides, the insurer may make payment to the representative and the payment discharges the insurer to the extent of the amount paid. Previously, these sections only applied to representatives of beneficiaries under legal incapacity. You can read a more in-depth review of the amendments here.

Sections 221 and 322 of the Insurance Act are important for two reasons:

In today's globalized world, it is not uncommon for people who purchase insurance in Ontario to have beneficiaries elsewhere: e.g. an Ontario grandfather has designated his mentally incapable son in British Columbia and a minor granddaughter in New York as the beneficiaries of his life insurance. Under the amendments to the Insurance Act if the son has a guardian under British Columbia law, and the grand-daughter a custodian under New York State law, each of whom has the authority to accept payments, the insurer may pay the funds to the guardians and be discharged to the extent of the amount paid.

The Insurance Act provides clear direction on what is required by an insurer to obtain a discharge where benefits are to be paid out under a life and accident and sickness insurance policy.1 In contrast, the Succession Law Reform Act ("SLRA"), which governs the designation of beneficiaries to, among other things, RRSPs and RRIFs, does not offer the same guidance as the Insurance Act does for how payment to a beneficiary of a pension or RRSP is to be made upon the death of the plan participant. One can only hope that the SLRA will eventually be amended along the lines of the Insurance Act.

The Insurance Act is an excellent example of how well-crafted legislation can help facilitate payments to beneficiaries upon the death of the policy owner.

Footnote

1.In addition to sections 221 and 322, see for example, sections 220 and 321.

About BLG

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Mr Arthur Fish

Borden Ladner Gervais LLP

Scotia Plaza

40 King Street West

Toronto

Ontario

M5H 3Y4

CANADA

Tel: 4163676000

Fax: 4163676749

E-mail: info@blg.com

URL: www.blg.com

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2016 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020160919ec9f0005s




Alpine Trust & Investment Group Adopts PCS 401(k) Platform

504 words
15 September 2016
10:28 PM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2016    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 


Community Bank Leverages Sophisticated Tools/Resources 
 

PHILADELPHIA and ROCKFORD, Ill., Sept. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- PCS, LLC, a leading fiduciary retirement plan recordkeeper, today announced that it will be providing a white-label version of its 401(k) platform to Alpine Trust & Investment Group of Rockford, Illinois, which serves approximately 90 plans totaling $225 million.

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160915/408259LOGO

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160915/408260LOGO

"As a community bank, we are committed to providing the best possible service for the businesses that depend on us to advise and manage their employees' retirement plans," said Julie O'Rourke, Executive Vice President. "PCS offers an outstanding platform for plan sponsors, participants, and the advisors that serve them. We look forward to partnering with them to further enhance our value to our plan clients."

PCS offers a state-of-the-art recordkeeping platform that enables advisors to deliver conflict-free, independent, and unbiased retirement plans to their clients. The solution offers: 


   -- Open architecture 
 
   -- Automated processing 
 
   -- Full fee disclosure 
 
   -- Seamless transition process 
 
   -- Customization 
 
   -- 24/7 participant support 
 
   -- True fiduciary protection 

"We are so pleased to be providing Alpine Trust & Investment Group with a turnkey solution," said Mark Klein, CEO of PCS. "In addition to enabling the bank to administer plans more efficiently, our platform will help their advisors be more effective in acquiring, converting and retaining new plan business."

ABOUT PCS

PCS was founded in 2001 by tax and ERISA attorneys who saw the need for a conflict-free, full fee disclosure, no hidden agenda retirement solution. From Day One PCS had a vision of complete transparency, which has enabled the company to become an industry leader in the retirement plan industry. PCS owns The Advisor Lab, a technology and marketing firm offering solutions for financial professionals to operate more efficiently and effectively in the 21(st) century. Its 401(k) tools, including the Plan Finder, Retirement Plan Diagnostic benchmarking report, Retirement Plan Efficiency Analysis and Annual Review and Benchmarking Report, are designed to help advisors identify prospective clients, generate insightful reports and prepare effective sales presentations quickly and affordably. For more information: (267) 675-6727 or info@pcscapital.com.

ABOUT ALPINE TRUST & INVESTMENT GROUP

Alpine Trust & Investment Group, the trust and investment division of Alpine Bank, provides expert investment and financial services for consumers, small businesses, not-for-profit organizations, and commercial companies. With approximately $935 million in assets under administration and 30 experienced investment and trust professionals, Alpine Trust & Investment Group offers financial consultation and services in investment management, insurance, personal trust services, and retirement plan services. Established in 1945, Alpine Trust & Investment Group has offices in both Rockford and Belvidere, Ill. For more information, visit www.bankalpine.com/investments.

Contact:

Leslie Swid

Email

(913) 649-5009

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alpine-trust--investment-group-adopts-pcs-401k-platform-300328702.html

SOURCE PCS

/Web site: https://www.pcs401k.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020160915ec9f0007t




India stocks lower at close of trade; Nifty 50 down 0.34%

504 words
16 August 2016
Investing.com
INVEN
English
© 2016, Investing.com, All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. 

Investing.com -

Investing.com - India stocks were lower after the close on Tuesday, as losses in the IT, Technology and Auto sectors led shares lower.

At the close in NSE, the Nifty 50 lost 0.34%, while the BSE Sensex 30 index lost 0.31%.

The best performers of the session on the Nifty 50 were Cipla Ltd. (NS:CIPL), which rose 7.40% or 38.20 points to trade at 554.15 at the close. Meanwhile, Adani Ports&Special Economic Zone (NS:APSE) added 5.92% or 15.30 points to end at 273.55 and Hindalco Industries Ltd. (NS:HALC) was up 5.67% or 8.30 points to 154.65 in late trade.

The worst performers of the session were Bharti Infratel Limited (NS:BHRI), which fell 4.38% or 16.050 points to trade at 350.050 at the close. HCL Technologies Ltd (NS:HCLT) declined 2.68% or 21.85 points to end at 792.35 and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NS:SUN) was down 2.23% or 17.85 points to 782.70.

The top performers on the BSE Sensex 30 were Cipla Ltd. (BO:CIPL) which rose 7.14% to 553.55, Hindalco Industries Ltd. (BO:HALC) which was up 5.47% to settle at 154.20 and Vedanta Ltd (BO:VDAN) which gained 2.11% to close at 169.50.

The worst performers were Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (BO:SUN) which was down 2.35% to 782.95 in late trade, Tata Motors Ltd. (BO:TAMO) which lost 1.62% to settle at 506.90 and Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. (BO:TCS) which was down 1.50% to 2691.45 at the close.

Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the India National Stock Exchange by 942 to 538 and 49 ended unchanged; on the Bombay Stock Exchange, 1023 fell and 606 advanced, while 53 ended unchanged.

Shares in Hindalco Industries Ltd. (NS:HALC) rose to 52-week highs; rising 5.67% or 8.30 to 154.65. Shares in Hindalco Industries Ltd. (BO:HALC) rose to 52-week highs; up 5.47% or 8.00 to 154.20.

The India Vix, which measures the implied volatility of Nifty 50 options, was up 3.00% to 14.1825.

Gold for December delivery was up 0.75% or 10.05 to $1357.55 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading, Crude oil for delivery in September rose 0.52% or 0.24 to hit $45.98 a barrel, while the October Brent oil contract rose 0.50% or 0.24 to trade at $48.59 a barrel.

USD/INR was down 0.20% to 66.745, while EUR/INR rose 0.65% to 75.2780.

The US Dollar Index was down 0.87% at 94.75.

Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.

Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Document INVEN00020160816ec8g000b6




News
Morrison softens stance on super rules

Peter Martin 
504 words
9 August 2016
The Sydney Morning Herald
SMHH
First Drop-in
6
English
© 2016 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.smh.com.au

Retirement savings Treasurer holds talks with Senate powerbrokers

Treasurer Scott Morrison has confirmed plans to water down some of the superannuation changes announced in the budget, but says he'll hold the line on the most important elements.

Speaking on Macquarie Radio, Mr Morrison said while the proposed $500,000 lifetime cap on top-up contributions out of post-tax income would remain, he was prepared to write in exemptions for "major life events".

"One of them, if you get a pay-out as a result of an accident or something like that, then that is exempted from the $500,000 cap," he said. "If you have entered into a contract before budget night to settle on a property asset out of your self-managed super fund and you are using after-tax contributions to settle that contract - well, that won't be included."

Other measures would be in the exposure draft of the legislation that would be released shortly.

Labor says it will oppose the $500,000 lifetime cap if it is found to be retrospective. But its superannuation spokesman, Jim Chalmers, says he will consider supporting it if an independent review finds in its favour.

Mr Morrison said he would be most unlikely to lift the $500,000 limit. "I don't know too many people out there who are sitting there with a bag of $500,000, which they want to put in their superannuation fund," he said. "They are on higher incomes, have higher balances, have already benefited significantly from the generous tax contribution and other concessions, and the argument they are making is: 'I want to put more in so I don't have to pay as much tax as someone else is on those earnings'.

"I am saying we should be getting rid of the Family Tax Benefit supplement payments every July, and that is to people who earn a lot less than those who are able to put half a million dollars after tax. How can I look them in the eye and at the same time say: 'Oh no, I am going to protect this interest over here who is sitting on half a million bucks'."

Mr Morrison spoke with Senate powerbroker Nick Xenophon and his team in Adelaide last week and would be meeting with new senators Pauline Hanson and Derryn Hinch. He would impress on them that every savings measure the new Senate rejected would make it harder to retain Australia's AAA credit rating and get the budget back in to surplus.

"The facts of the Senate are that if Labor and the Greens are blocking government legislation then it only takes the Xenophon party or the One Nation party to side with Labor and the Greens and it is blocked," he said. "Senators will be in a position where they really do have a balance of power. They won't have the option to say that this is their view and move on."

Document SMHH000020160809ec8900002




Source Capital, Inc. Declares Quarterly Distribution on Common Stock

504 words
9 August 2016
08:30 AM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2016    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 


LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--August 08, 2016-- 

The Board of Directors of Source Capital, Inc. (NYSE:SOR), today declared a regular quarterly distribution of 41 cents a common share, payable September 15, 2016, to shareholders of record as of the close of business August 26, 2016.

Source Capital, Inc. is a closed-end investment company managed by First Pacific Advisors, LLC.

About Source Capital, Inc.

The Fund (www.sourcecapitalinc.com) is a diversified, closed-end management investment company seeking maximum total return for shareholders from both capital appreciation and investment income to the extent consistent with protection of invested capital. Its shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "SOR." The Fund is managed by First Pacific Advisors, LLC.

For investor questions, please contact:

1-800-982-4372

You should consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses carefully before you invest. You can obtain additional information by visiting the website at www.sourcecapitalinc.com, by email at crm@fpafunds.com, toll free by calling 1-800-279-1241 (option 1), or by contacting the Fund in writing.

Investments in mutual funds carry risks and investors may lose principal value. Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. It is important to remember that there are risks inherent in any investment and there is no assurance that any investment or asset class will provide positive performance over time. Value style investing presents the risk that the holdings or securities may never reach our estimate of intrinsic value because the market fails to recognize what the portfolio management team considers the true business value or because the portfolio management team has misjudged those values. In addition, value style investing may fall out of favor and underperform growth or other style investing during given periods. Non-U.S. investing presents additional risks, such as the potential for adverse political, currency, economic, social or regulatory developments in a country, including lack of liquidity, excessive taxation, and differing legal and accounting standards. Non-U.S. securities, including American Depository Receipts (ADRs) and other depository receipts, are also subject to interest rate and currency exchange rate risks.

Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate, inflation and credit risks. Lower rated bonds, convertible securities, and other types of debt obligations involve greater risks than higher rated bonds. Mortgage securities and collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) are subject to prepayment risk and the risk of default on the underlying mortgages or other assets; such derivatives may increase volatility. Convertible securities are generally not investment grade and are subject to greater credit risk than higher-rated investments. High yield securities can be volatile and subject to much higher instances of default.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160808006318/en/


 
    CONTACT: First Pacific Advisors 

Rich Atwood, 310-996-5458

atwood@firstpacad.com 


 
    SOURCE: Source Capital, Inc. 
Copyright Business Wire 2016 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020160808ec88000fj




BOE Policy Worsens Pension Funds' Headache --Update

By Simon Zekaria    
504 words
5 August 2016
12:18 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.    

LONDON--The Bank of England's interest-rate cut Thursday buoyed stock markets here, but for some big British corporations, the move--the central bank's first rate cut in seven years--is likely to translate into widening pension shortfalls.

Many of the U.K.'s defined-benefit plans, which promise to pay out fixed benefits to retirees, have fallen deep into deficit. The value of contributions in many of the plans hasn't kept up with expected outlays to pensioners in years to come. That is largely due to falling bond yields and lackluster returns in other markets such as equities. Retirees are also living longer.

The total gap in U.K. pension funds stood at roughly GBP850 billion ($1.13 trillion) before Thursday's rate cut, according to pensions consultancy Hymans Robertson. That is expected to widen after the BOE's rate cut Thursday.

A slew of British companies report pension deficits on their balance sheets. As of June 30, BT Group PLC, for example, reported pension liabilities of GBP52.8 billion and a deficit of GBP7.6 billion, wider than the GBP6.4 billion deficit it reported as of March 31. BT declined to comment on any potential impact to its pension plans from U.K. monetary policy.

The BOE's move on Thursday to lower its benchmark rate to 0.25% from 0.5%, its lowest lending rate ever, will make it even harder to make the sort of returns needed to put those plans back in balance. The central bank also said it would buy up government and corporate bonds, a maneuver aimed at keeping long-term rates low.

The measures will put pension schemes under even greater pressure and the impact of quantitative easing on gilt yields will be an additional burden for many schemes already struggling, the U.K. Pensions and Lifetimes Savings Association said.

"While we recognize the need to protect the U.K. economy, strong consideration needs to be given to the negative impact this will have on the 6,000 private defined-benefit pension schemes helping some 11 million savers," the association said.

"Major losses for pension funds are very real possibilities" in the wake of the rate cut, said Daniel Mahoney, analyst at the Centre for Policy Studies, a think tank.

Many funds hold bonds, including large holdings of U.K. government bonds, or gilts, and have in the past depended on their yield to help sustain payouts.

"Pension funds hold a disproportionate number of gilts, and they are going to get hammered," he said.

Companies "could be in for a bit for a rough ride," said Hymans Robertson consultant Calum Cooper.

The cut threatens to leave companies "with a sense of running to stand still," said Raj Mody, pensions consultant at auditor PricewaterhouseCoopers.

Ian Walker contributed to this article.

Write to Simon Zekaria at simon.zekaria@wsj.com

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

August 04, 2016 10:18 ET (14:18 GMT)

Document DJDN000020160804ec84002n9




Money
Using comparison sites have made car insurance MORE expensive

By Vicky Shaw      
504 words
30 July 2016
10:06 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2016 Mirror Group Ltd      

Car insurance costs are rising - fast - and this time insurers are saying it's because we have the temerity to actually compare prices before buying

The growing tendency for people to shop around for their car insurance is actually helping to push the cost of the cover they are offered up, according to an index.

The rising numbers of car owners actively hunting out the cheapest deal every year means there is now less incentive for firms to offer motorists introductory loss-making insurance prices - as customers have become less likely to simply stick with their existing firm when the introductory price ends - according to the report from the AA.

The typical quote for someone shopping around for a comprehensive policy in the second quarter of 2016 has increased by around £12.50 compared with the first three months of the year and around £84 compared with a year earlier.

On average, comprehensive car insurance cover now costs £568, according to the figures from the AA's insurance premium index.

Car insurance costs accelerate again - this is how to fight them

Looking at what is behind the increases, Michael Lloyd, director of insurance at the AA, said: "Increasing numbers of car owners shop around for their cover every year, especially at a time when premiums are going up.

"As more people look for introductory offers there is less incentive for companies to offer loss-making prices to attract new business that will, a year later, go elsewhere. So I believe this is one driver of recent premium increases while insurers are looking for ways to better reward customer loyalty."

Collateral lies: How a Supreme Court ruling means you might still get a payout even if your insurance claim contained falsehoods

Looking across the UK, the AA said Northern Ireland has seen the biggest increase in car insurance premiums over the last quarter, with a 7.8% increase taking the average shoparound premium there to £804, making it the most expensive place to insure a car.

The cheapest place to get car insurance is Scotland, where the average shoparound premium is £404, marking a 2.5% quarterly increase.

In Wales, the average premium is now £514, having increased by 3% over the quarter.

The shoparound quoted premium is an average of the five cheapest premiums that a customer might expect to get. Prices are taken from both direct and price comparison site markets.

Young drivers aged 17 to 22 years old, who already pay the highest premiums of any age group, saw the biggest jump in the cost of their cover over the last quarter, with 3.5% or £42 added to a policy, taking the average cost to around £1,240.

Drivers aged over 70 saw the smallest quarterly increase, with a 1.2% upswing taking their average premium to £452.

Older cars and diesels to be hit with new super-charge to enter London - and it might not stop there

Document MIRUK00020160729ec7u005eh




UNITED STATES TAX COURT ISSUES ORDER REGARDING DAVID BALLINGALL ET AL VS COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE CASE

504 words
29 July 2016
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2016. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

WASHINGTON, July 29 -- United States Tax Court issued the following order on July 26:

DAVID BALLINGALL, DECEASED AND JOAN BALLINGALL, Petitioners v. COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, Respondent

Docket No. 26486-15.

ORDER

The petition in this case was filed on October 19, 2015. That petition seeks review of the notice of deficiency dated September 28, 2015, issued to decedent David Ballingall and petitioner Joan Ballingall for taxable year 2013. That petition does not bear the original signatures of decedent and petitioner Joan Ballingall, or the original signature of a practitioner admitted to practice before the Tax Court, as required by the Tax Court Rules of Practice and Procedure. Rather, that petition was signed by Jeffery Westefeld who is not admitted to practice before the Tax Court. Among other things, that petition states that decedent David Ballingall died on January 17, 2015, before the petition in this case was filed. On December 4, 2015, respondent filed an Answer to the petition. By Order dated February 22, 2016, the Court directed (1) petitioner Joan Ballingall and respondent to confer at a reasonably convenient date and time, but no later than March 16, 2016, as to the present status of this case, including (a) whether decedent David Ballingall's estate has been or will be probated, (b) if decedent's estate is being probated, whether an executor, administrator, or other duly appointed fiduciary has been appointed for decedent's estate by a court of competent jurisdiction, (c) if so, the name and address of such duly appointed executor, administrator or other fiduciary for decedent's estate, and (d) whether petitioner Joan Ballingall will ratify the petition filed on her behalf in this case; and (2) directed respondent, on or before March 30, 2016, to file a Report concerning the then present status of this case, including the aforementioned matters. On March 30, 2016, respondent filed a Status Report. On April 19, 2016, respondent filed a First Supplement to his report. Among other things, in his report, as supplemented, respondent states that: (1) decedent and petitioner Joan Ballingall have two children, Carol Ballingall and David Ballingall; (2) on December 4, 2015, Carol Ballingall informed respondent that she is the executrix for decedent's estate; (3) on December 4, 2015, David Ballingall (petitioner Joan Ballingall's son) informed respondent that petitioner Joan Ballingall is incompetent, and that he (David Ballingall) holds a power of attorney for her; (4) neither Carol Ballingall nor David Ballingall have responded to respondent's requests for information relating to the other aforementioned matters set forth in the Court's February 22, 2016, Order; and (5) respondent hopes that ultimately the parties might agree to a proposed "no change" decision.

* Rest of the document can be viewed at https://www.ustaxcourt.gov/InternetOrders/DocumentViewer.aspx?IndexSearchableOrdersID=205751

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com 

Document INDFED0020160729ec7t00cjd




Business
Make sure you have enough for retirement; A good savings method? Plan as though you'll live to age 90, says financial planner

Linda Nguyen      The Canadian Press 
504 words
29 July 2016
The Hamilton Spectator
HMSP
First
A12
English
Copyright (c) 2016 The Hamilton Spectator. 

TORONTO -- When people picture retirement, they may envision lying on a sandy beach with a drink in hand or teeing off on a breathtaking golf course in Hawaii.

What they usually don't consider is struggling to pay the bills.

So how do you ensure you have enough money saved for the retirement of your dreams when you don't know how long you will live?

The wisest advice, according to financial experts, is to budget conservatively because it's always better to have some money when you die than no money while you're still alive.

"Most people are living longer than their parents and their grandparents did," said John De Goey, a certified financial planner and portfolio manager at Industrial Alliance Securities. "A good baseline is that you need to plan to live until age 90."

There are several factors that could also affect life expectancy, such as a family history of health problems and one's gender. On average, women tend to live longer than men so they should plan on living a few years past 90, whereas men might be able to get away with planning on living a few years less.

But how much money do people actually need to save?

De Goey says retirees should look at saving about 50 per cent of their annual income in their final year of work, with the funds coming from a variety of sources including cash, investments, Old Age Security, pensions.

If someone has an annual salary of $80,000 a year while working, they should aim to have $40,000 a year for every year of retirement. If they retire at age 65, and live until 90, then they should have a nest egg of $1 million.

Of course, that goal can vary due to a number of factors. Is there still a mortgage or rent to pay? Do you plan on a lot of travelling? Eating out?

De Goey says the easiest way to ensure people have enough money for whatever retirement they plan for is to work longer.

"There are two benefits of working longer. Number one, you're hopefully able to save a proportion of what you earn, and two, because you're working, you're not drawing on your savings," he said.

"So even if you are saving only five to 10 per cent of your salary in your mid-60s, you're also foregoing withdrawing that money from your nest egg. The combination of those two things greatly enhances the likelihood that you'll still have money left when your life is still in the bottom years."

Most of his clients balk at the idea of having to stay at their jobs in their senior years. But De Goey notes that because general life expectancy is rising, the amount of retirement years can remain the same.

Document HMSP000020160729ec7t000e0




Allegheny Technologies Files 8K - Temporary Trading Suspension >ATI

504 words
23 July 2016
06:18 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

Allegheny Technologies Inc. (ATI) filed a Form 8K - Temporary Trading Suspension - with the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission on July 22, 2016.

Beginning on July 22, 2016, Allegheny Technologies Corporation (the "Company") sent a notice to members of collective bargaining units (the "Represented Participants") who are participants in The 401(k) Plan, the Allegheny Technologies Retirement Savings Plan and the ATI Precision Finishing, LLC Employees' 401(k) and Profit Sharing Plan (the "40l(k) Plans") informing them that the account balances of Represented Participants in the 40l(k) Plans would be consolidated into a single defined contribution plan to be known as the ATI Retirement Plan (the "New Plan"). The New Plan was formerly known as the "Allegheny Ludlum, LLC Personal Retirement and 401(k) Plan"

The notice stated that, during a specified period of time while the consolidations of account balances are implemented, Represented Participants in the 40l(k) Plans would not be able to process any account transactions in either the 401(k) Plans or the New Plan, including portions of account balances held under a Company stock fund. The notice also stated that this time period will begin at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time on August 25, 2016 and is expected to end during the week of September 12, 2016.

On July 22, 2016, the Company sent a blackout trading restriction notice (the "BTR Notice") to its directors and executive officers informing them that, because the restrictions during the blackout period described above include restrictions on investment changes involving the Company's common stock held in the 40l(k) Plans, they would be prohibited during the blackout period, pursuant to Section 306(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the SEC's rules promulgated thereunder, from purchasing and selling shares of the Company's common stock (including derivative securities pertaining to such shares) acquired in connection with their service as a director or employment as an executive officer.

A copy of the BTR Notice is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. During the blackout period and for a period of two years after the blackout period has ended, interested parties may obtain, without charge, information regarding the beginning and ending dates of the blackout period by contacting Allegheny Technologies Incorporated, Attention: Corporate Secretary, 1000 Six PPG Place, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222-5479 (telephone (412) 394-2800).

The full text of this SEC filing can be retrieved at: http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1018963/000119312516655179/d227265d8k.htm

Any exhibits and associated documents for this SEC filing can be retrieved at: http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1018963/000119312516655179/0001193125-16-655179-index.htm

Public companies must file a Form 8-K, or current report, with the SEC generally within four days of any event that could materially affect a company's financial position or the value of its shares.

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

July 22, 2016 16:18 ET (20:18 GMT)

Document DJDN000020160722ec7m003rq




Money
Former BHS boss Sir Philip Green spent more on his super yacht than he invested into failed store

By Rhodri Phillips, Sun City Editor      
504 words
16 July 2016
11:09 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2016      

FORMER BHS tycoon Sir Philip Green lavished more on his latest yacht than on the failed chain's stores in his last five years in charge.

The billionaire forked out £100million on the 300ft vessel Lionheart.

His third luxury yacht, it has four storeys, a swimming pool, helipad and beauty salon and was delivered to him this week in the Mediterranean.

The retail tycoon told MPs in a letter that was published yesterday that he spent £96.2 million on 163 BHS stores between 2009 and 2014. In the final two years of his ownership of the chain, he spent just £10 million.

However Sir Philip was not always so penny-pinching with the high street stalwart. During 2004 and 2009, he invested £254 million, according to the letter which was sent from Sir Philip to the chairs of the Business and Work and Pensions Committees, who are looking into the circumstances surrounding the collapse of BHS.

Sir Philip has been criticised for allowing BHS stores to become rundown and dilapidated before selling the business, essentially contributing to attempts to turn around the chain.

Revelations of the sums he paid into the retail group came days after the Top Shop owner took delivery of a £100 million superyacht in the Mediterranean. The Lionheart yacht took four years to build, is four storeys high and the length of a football pitch.

The boat is Sir Philip's third luxury yacht and is understood to have a hot tub, swimming pool, helipad and beauty salon.

Work and Pensions Committee chairman Frank Field suggested that Sir Philip was making a last-ditch attempt to influence his committee's report on the collapse of BHS.

Mr Field said: "Sir Philip is aware we are writing our report and is suddenly volunteering all manner of last-minute assistance."

Sir Philip's reputation has taken a battering since BHS collapsed in April, leaving behind a £571 million pension deficit and putting 11,000 jobs at risk.

The billionaire, who owned the retailer for 15 years until 2015, has come under fire for taking £400 million in dividends from the company and then selling it to former bankrupt Dominic Chappell for £1.

In the letter to MPs, Sir Philip also insists that he tried to support a Sports Direct rescue deal for BHS.

He claims he offered to add £5 million to the £10 million offered by Mike Ashley's Sports Direct for BHS, although Mr Ashley's bid was rejected by administrators as unacceptable.

This "can now put an end to the suggestion that I tried to block a sale of the business", Green wrote to MPs probing the collapse.

"It is clear that we invested substantially in the business, we lent substantial sums to the business and we gave Retail Acquisitions every chance with a solid platform to take the business forward," Green wrote.

Document THESUK0020160716ec7g000p1




News & Advice
Summer holiday essentials: airport hotels and parking

Sophie Lam      
504 words
13 July 2016
09:20 PM
Independent Online
INDOP
English
© 2016. Independent Print Ltd. All Rights Reserved.      

Everything you need to know, every day this week

One reason speculators invest in airport hotels is to capitalise on delays and disruption. But to boost occupancy, proprietors offer good deals for travellers with early flights.

Location is very important. At the UK's main holiday airport, Gatwick, the ideal hotel for North Terminal is the Sofitel (sofitel.com), and for the South Terminal it is Bloc (blochotels.com/gatwick), located just before the security gate with pod-style rooms in a variety of categories, including for families. There's also a branch of Yotel located close to arrivals (yotel.com).Stansted's Radisson Bluis a short walk from check-in (radissonblu.com).

You will pay a premium to stay at these properties compared with "off airport" locations. But crafty travellers could try the Arora in Crawley, which is right next to a railway station with four trains an hour to Gatwick, taking eight minutes to South Terminal (gatwick.arorahotels.com). The Ibis at Luton is a 10-minute walk from the airport (ibis.com).

Hotels in the Heathrow area have no conventional shuttle buses, but a "Heathrow Hoppa" that runs as infrequently as once an hour and charges £4.50 for the privilege (nationalexpress.com); if you are flying from Terminal 5, the Sofitel is by far the best bet.

Read more

Summer holiday essentials: passports

Summer holiday essentials: airport lounges

Summer holiday essentials: airline baggage allowances and fees

Summer holiday essentials: how to keep children entertained on long journeys

Holidayextras.co.uk is a good source of airport hotel bargains, especially the "Mystery Hotel" feature. Familiar hotel brands protect their core revenue by selling some rooms through intermediaries who undertake not to name them until the booking is made. Next week, for example, you could find yourself staying at "A four-star hotel linked to Gatwick's North Terminal" for £95 per double room only, compared to £120 at the Sofitel North Terminal.

The website also includes parking-inclusive accommodation packages. Parking is a very strong incentive, because many hotels will throw in a week or two when you take a room before or after your flight. For example, book a night at the Holiday Inn near Edinburgh airport next week and you'll get a week's parking included for £159. The hotel has a pool and two restaurants and is around a three-minute transfer (with shuttles running every 10 minutes) from the airport.

Parking could be a boon at airports such as Gatwick, which is currently operating a revised train timetable, with fewer services running to the Sussex airport as a result of an ongoing industrial dispute between parent firm Govia Thameslink and the RMT union. Recently, services have been subject to frequent delays and cancellations.

Finally, always book parking in advance and shop around on price comparison sites before committing to booking. It's also worth checking transfer times to the terminal, security and cancellation policies.

Document INDOP00020160712ec7c002xm




Commentary
Individual purpose and world change

Allison Rose-Sonnesyn      
504 words
5 July 2016
The Christian Science Monitor
CHSM
English
Copyright 2016, The Christian Science Monitor (    www.CSMonitor.com). All rights reserved.      

Many Millennials have a sincere desire to contribute fresh ideas to solve a variety of world problems, as is seen in this week's cover story. According to the article, they also want to positively contribute to changing the status quo on a global level, and find a sense of personal balance and professional purpose - but paying off student loans, overcoming stereotypes, and finding right opportunities for their talents are proving challenging to overcome.

These are challenges I can relate to. I loved international relations, spent time overseas, and obtained a college degree in that field. I considered myself a global citizen, and wanted to help develop solutions to challenges in the world.

However, when I graduated from college, global dynamics had changed so that there were no longer substantial jobs for people with my background. I was grateful for the job I had, but it didn't provide opportunities for professional growth. I knew I wanted to go to graduate school, but wasn't sure what subject to focus on that would lead to a satisfying career that could enable me to pay off my student loans. I felt overwhelmed with decisions and afraid of making a mistake. So I prayed for guidance.

I was inspired by what Christ Jesus said about how our needs are met: "Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you" (Matthew 6:33). This brought to mind a list of qualities belonging to the kingdom of heaven that Mary Baker Eddy, the discoverer of Christian Science, wrote: "unselfishness, goodness, mercy, justice, health, holiness, love" ("Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures," p. 248).

As I thought deeply about these, I realized that my desire to help others and solve world problems needed to begin with a deeper understanding of God and my relationship to Him. I needed to see that God cares for His creation - including you and me - and that as His children, we are truly made to be fresh and complete, not limited by human qualifiers or requirements.

Gaining this broader sense of the kingdom of heaven gave me a better sense of who God is in relation to His creation, and it gave me a better sense of purpose. I understood that living unselfishly, expressing "goodness, mercy, justice, health, holiness, love," was my true life purpose. And living in this way provides us with practical opportunities to fulfill this purpose.

As I focused my prayer this way, the feelings of being overwhelmed were replaced by joy, confidence, and clarity in applying for graduate school. I later found fulfilling employment that allowed me to pay back my loans and, more important, seemed to make a positive difference in government.

This experience showed me that starting with the kingdom of heaven guides us, giving us ideas for each stage of our lives, enabling us to do good in the world.

Document CHSM000020160705ec750005n




Real Estate
Eight of Connecticut's Thimble Islands List for $78 Million; Off the coast of Branford, Conn., the portfolio owned by Christine and Edmund Stoecklein includes many houses and a Jack Nicklaus-designed putting green

By Candace Taylor 
504 words
1 July 2016
12:59 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Corrections & Amplifications:

Potato Island is roughly 1 acre and is listed for $6.5 million. An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that it was 11 acres and listed for $7.35 million. (07/01/2016)

After spending years collecting a cluster of small islands off the Connecticut coast, a wealthy family has decided to put eight of the rocky islands on the market for $78 million.

Located in the Thimble Islands archipelago in Long Island Sound off the coast of Branford, nearly all of the islands for sale have homes on them, according to Shelly Tretter Lynch of Sotheby's International Realty, one of the listing agents.

The largest, Rogers Island, is about 8 acres and includes a roughly 13,000-square-foot, 10-bedroom restored house built around 1900 as well as a swimming pool, a tennis court and a Jack Nicklaus-designed golf putting green and tees. Reachable by a 5- to 10- minute boat ride, the island also contains a four-bedroom guesthouse, an artist's studio, two piers and a greenhouse.

The other islands for sale range from tiny undeveloped Reel Island to the roughly .8-acre Wheeler Island, which has an eight-bedroom house. A pedestrian bridge connects the East and West portions of Cut-in-Two Island, each of which has a house and guesthouse. The sale price also includes a 2.32-acre waterfront property on the mainland containing several houses and a private dock for boats traveling to and from the islands.

The properties are owned by Christine and Edmund Stoecklein. Ms. Stoecklein has spent years acquiring islands in the area: Her former husband John Svenningsen, founder of the party supplies company Amscan Holdings, purchased West Crib Island in the 1970s. After his death in 1997, she began buying up other islands, including Rogers Island in 2003 for $22.3 million, a record-setting price for the Thimbles. In total she spent more than $30 million to buy the islands, then spent millions more on renovations, infrastructure and landscaping, according to co-listing agent Bill Fandel of Telluride Sotheby's International Realty.

The Stoeckleins use the islands to house friends and family in the summer, Mr. Fandel said, but they recently bought a home in Washington state, where they plan to spend more time. The family is selling all of the islands except West Crib, the first one they owned, he said.

In 2012 Ms. Stoecklein briefly listed two of the islands; they were removed from the market after failing to sell, and they've received further upgrades since then, Mr. Fandel said.

There are about 80 houses among the Thimble Islands, which became popular as a summer resort area in the late 19th century. It is difficult to price the islands because they rarely change hands, the listing agents said. Potato Island, which isn't owned by the Stoeckleins, spans about 1 acre and is currently listed for $6.5 million.

Write to Candace Taylor at Candace.Taylor@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020160630ec6u0070x


Gen Y told to think strategically to get on property ladder

Bayleys
504 words
23 June 2016
09:00 PM
Fuseworks Media
FUSMED
English
Copyright 2016. Fuseworks Limited. 

Desperate Gen Y home buyers struggling with the lack of 'affordable' housing in Auckland's upmarket city-fringe suburbs are being advised to form a unified consortium to get a foothold on the city's housing ladder.

Real estate agent Jock Kooger said long-time home owners in Auckland had considerable empathy with the wave of 20 and 30-somethings concerned about how they were struggling to buy entry level property in suburbs such as Ponsonby, Grey Lynn, Mt Eden, Mt Albert and Parnell.

"There's a mature age group in Auckland, and it's a sizeable population, who fret for the plight of that Gen Y age bracket," said Mr Kooger.

"The baby boomer generation has a well-grounded message for the Gen Y ers: 'Change your expectations, face up to reality, and accept that if you want to buy an entry-level property in one of Auckland's most expensive suburbs then you'll most likely have to make compromises."

Mr Kooger said he had just listed a block of 12 flats in the leafy suburb of Herne Bay, a mere 1.5 kilometres or 15 minute walk from the heart of Auckland CBD. The block of 12 flats in Sentinel Road comprises four two-bedroom dwellings, eight one-bedroom units, and a smaller studio unit previously operated as the caretaker's residence. All of the flats were on their own individual ownership title - meaning they could be sold off separately.

Mr Kooger said the most likely buyer demographic for the entire block was an investor who would reap the benefits of owning a rental portfolio in a high-demand part of the city with its close proximity to not only the city, but also the hospitality hub of Ponsonby Road.

"However, there is the opportunity for a consortium of like-minded young professionals to entering the property market. So for all those Gen Y ers who say they keep on being priced out of the market in this area, this is a brilliant opportunity to take advantage of a unique piece of real estate," Mr Kooger said.

"So for around the same individual investment, they can look at buying an apartment in town, buying a do-up on the urban fringes, or look at getting organised with a group of similar budding home owners in the same proverbial 'boat', and putting in an offer on Herne Bay."

Mr Kooger said it would be easy enough for any tech-savvy Gen Y mobile phone user to set up a Facebook page and establish a consortium of other buyers to put in a combined offer for the Sentinel Road flats.

"The vendor has indicated he is happy to help out struggling first home buyers, and would certainly consider a consortium-style offer from a large group. He knows what they are going through, and is patiently aware of the intricacies that would come with a multi-buyer offer," Mr Kooger said.

Document FUSMED0020160623ec6n0063h




Money
Delicious elderflower recipes for drinks and treats on a budget

By Jen Gale      
504 words
18 June 2016
12:28 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2016 Mirror Group Ltd      

Elderflowers are in bloom everywhere - and you can pick them for free. Here's how to turn them into something special

Elderflower season is in full swing, and once you know what you are looking for, it seems like it the frothy white heads of the flowers of peaking out of every hedgerow.

With the addition of a bag of sugar and a couple of lemons, you can preserve the taste of summer by creating a cordial that you can use throughout the year.

First up, for anyone wondering how to find elderflower, this is what you are looking for:

And once you know what you are looking for, you will see it everywhere.

Local parks, playing fields and churchyards are good places to scout out, but it pretty much grows anywhere.

If possible, avoid the ones that are growing by the side of the roads, as they will be covered in exhaust fumes and dirt from the cars and lorries. Not quite the taste of summer we are aiming for.

You should also make sure to chop off the stalks, as these contain chemicals that could make you sick.

Here is a really good basic recipe for elderflower cordial from River Cottage that makes about two litres.

And you can also make a really simple elderflower tea too, that is packed full of anti-oxidants and very good for you.

If you are looking for alcoholic options, then you can make elderflower wine, or a fizzy version (and pretend it's champagne).


If you do go the trouble (and it really isn't a cast amount of trouble) of making your own cordial, here are some delicious ways to make sure every last drop is used up:

If you have an allotment, or a strawberry patch in your garden, then this is a great way to use up all the strawberries before they go mushy or get munched by the slugs.

This is a super thrifty recipe if you have made your own elderflower cordial. The only other ingredient is egg whites, which you may well even has leftovers after making something else that needed egg yolks.

Homemade biscuits that taste of summer - these would make a great gift for a summer birthday, or as a thank you present for teachers at the end of term.

If you still have any of your cordial left as the summer starts to wane, you can use it up along with any windfall cooking apples to make a delicious pudding.

I made this a couple of years ago, and seeing the recipe again now has reminded me to make it again. It was based on an elderflower and coconut cake, but I substituted ground almonds instead.

Jen Gale and her family spent a year buying nothing new, and she now helps people to make do and mend, and love what they've got. She blogs at My Make Do and Mend Life.

Document MIRUK00020160617ec6h0033b




NEWS
Don't blame Boomers for savings shortfall

Rebecca S Fahrlander 
504 words
13 June 2016
USA Today
USAT
FIRST
A.7
English
© 2016 USA Today.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.      All Rights Reserved. 

As Baby Boomers enter their traditional retirement years, many are faced with not only less in savings than they would like or need, but also annoying public lectures from experts and politicians about how it's all their fault. Public service announcements tell Boomers and younger generations that they need to stop wasting money on life's little pleasures now and save more for tomorrow. Politicians tell them they need to work until age 69 or more to receive Social Security pensions because they are living longer than the government planned for.

Saving is an important part of retirement planning. However, these admonitions commit the ultimate attribution error: blaming individuals without taking into account the situation. The contributing factors outside of their control are ignored.

The economy increasingly has relied on a contingent workforce of part-time, contract and temporary employees. Along with layoffs, downsizing and frequent job changes, it's no wonder Boomers are less likely than earlier generations to have company-paid vested pensions or even 401(k) employer contributions.

Sometimes, companies laid off workers or closed just before employee pensions would have been vested. Stagnant or lower wages, high individual health insurance premiums and increased job insecurity over this period have also made it more difficult for workers to set aside money for a distant future while still getting by in the immediate present.

As a Boomer myself, I have experienced some of this.

Like Prince William and Malia Obama, I took a "gap" year before entering college. In fact, I took two. Those years at a large corporation gave me work experience and some opportunities to travel but resulted in no vested retirement benefits.

Much later, a cancer diagnosis redirected my income toward treatment costs not covered by my insurance. Cancer had a way of forcing the focus away from a distant retirement that might never happen toward the here and now of basic survival. I know I am likely to live long enough to retire, but I also realize it will not be at 65, the traditional retirement age of my parents.

Approaching that onetime milestone, the Baby Boomer runs up against the reality of older age requirements for Social Security -- 66 or 67 to get full benefits, 70 for the maximum monthly amount.

He also finds himself in a work world of ageism, underemployment that drives the effective unemployment rate up to nearly 10%, and a diminished supply of full-time high-paying jobs with benefits -- all trends accelerated and intensified by the Great Recession and its massive layoffs.

It has become a gig economy, and a toxic one at that. The situations Boomers have had to face in this changing economy, and the decisions they made at each step along the way, have conspired to leave even frugal, debt-free savers with smaller retirement nest eggs than they need.

Rebecca S. Fahrlander is an adjunct professor of psychology and sociology at The University of Nebraska-Omaha.

Document USAT000020160613ec6d0000a


Pensions
Back in favour: Is SSAS the new SIPP?

Jenna Towler 
504 words
9 June 2016
Retirement Planner
RETIPLA
English
© 2016 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

Once upon a time, there was a small self-administered pension scheme (SSAS) that was the vehicle of choice for many small companies that wished to take advantage of greater investment flexibilities than those afforded to other company pensions, most notably loanbacks to the sponsoring employer.

During the late 1990s the SSAS fell out of favour with many companies swept away by the exciting new kids on the block; group personal pensions (GPPs) and self-invested personal pensions (SIPPs).

However, in recent times, there appears to have been a resurgence in SSAS as regulatory pressures bite on SIPP operators and the requirement to categorise assets as either standard or non-standard.

So as an adviser why might you consider a SSAS over a SIPP for your clients? The table below highlights the key features of each vehicle.

Each of the scheme structures has its own advantages and disadvantages and these are summarised here:

One of the key advantages to opening a SSAS in favour of a SIPP is the ability for the pension scheme to loan funds back to the sponsoring employer - an advantage highlighted above. This is a particularly important advantage to the employer given the current lack of economic stimulus and the reluctance of high street banks to arrange financing on reasonably commercial terms.

As might be expected, HMRC has set relevant criteria for the loan to be acceptable and these are explored in turn. The criteria relates to:

* The maximum amount of the loan

* The term of the loan

* Interest rates

* Repayment terms

* Security

Maximum amount of loan

The maximum the loan can be is of 50% of the net assets of the Scheme.

Term of the loan

The term of the loan cannot ordinarily be longer than five years from the date the loan is first made.

Interest rates

A commercial rate of interest must be charged on any loans granted.

Repayment terms

The rules state that any loan must be paid in equal instalments of both capital and interest akin to the terms under a standard repayment mortgage.

Security

Any loan granted to the employer must be secured by a first charge against any asset owned by the sponsoring employer (or other person). The value of that security must be at least equal to the value of the loan and any interest due over the term. It is of course worth pointing out that whilst the provision of a loan affords an employer extra flexibility, there are tax consequences should the rules not be followed.

And so the benefits of SSAS are real and make a great deal of sense to many employers. So at your next client meeting why not consider a SSAS as a valid alternative to the more widely used SIPP.

Elaine Turtle is director at DP Pensions

The post Back in favour: Is SSAS the new SIPP? appeared first on Retirement Planner.

Click to view image.

Click to view image.

Click to view image.

Document RETIPLA020160609ec690005m




Money
Brexit money fears revealed: What voters REALLY think about the EU referendum

By Tricia Phillips      
504 words
8 June 2016
10:00 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2016 Mirror Group Ltd      

The Leave campaign may be leading the polls, but many voters are still nervous about the impact the EU referendum will have on their finances

Almost half of UK households are worried about the impact the EU Referendum will have on their finances.

The biggest concerns are over rising prices, job losses and changes to workers protection according to the latest Disposable Income Index from Scottish Friendly.

Despite a £95 increase in monthly disposable income in May, compared to February this year, Brits are anxious about unexpected higher bills and external economic shocks.

The quarterly report, compiled with leading think-tank the Social Market Foundation, shows median disposable income has risen from £905 to £1,000 and this is due to continued low rates of inflation, the introduction of the National Living Wage and moderate pay growth in the private sector.

Read more: Register to vote today or lose out

Those in work continue to find themselves with less in their pocket, after paying for essentials each month, at £999.83 compared to those who have retired who have £1,298.

The 35 to 44 age group are one of the most squeezed with just £825 left each month, just less than the £831 that 25-34 year-olds have.

How age affects your income

People in Northern Ireland are the worst off with an average £749 after paying their bills, closely followed by those in the North East at £891. Meanwhile those in East England have the most in the pockets at £1,143.

A quarter of people believe that things will get worse for them financially over the next 12 months and nearly half are nervous about how they would cope with a big,unexpected bill like a broken down car or washing machine.

A looming Brexit is leaving many worried as two-fifths fear it will cause prices to rise, more than a quarter think it could lead to job losses, while a fifth think job protections such as paid holiday and maternity leave could be affected.

The EU Referendum and your money

Calum Bennie, savings expert at Scottish Friendly, said: "It's encouraging to see the median level of disposbale inocme increase this quarter. The introduction of the National Living Wage is clearly a positive step and that, combine with low inflation and moderate wage growth has helped certain sections of society to have more money in their pockets at the end of the month.

"However, our study continues to suggest that people are feeling financially fragile. Worries persist about preparedness for unexpected bills and debt. Not enough households are in a position to save at the end of the month and that is a concern.

"With financial security still seemingly very out of reach for many households, policy makers and businesses alike should take head of the persistent insecure sentiment in the UK."

Will you vote in or out in the EU Referendum?

Document MIRUK00020160607ec68005k7




Features
Event just for first-time buyers

504 words
2 June 2016
Evening Gazette
EVEGAZ
1; National
17
English
(c) 2016 Gazette Media Company Ltd. All Rights Reserved.    

LEADING homebuilder, Taylor Wimpey North Yorkshire, is inviting prospective buyers in Middlesbrough to an exclusive event for first-time buyers at its Rose Cottage Farm development on Saturday, June 4. The event will be held at the Stainton-based development between 11am and 5pm, and a team of experts will be on hand to provide top tips on progressing on the property ladder, the designs of homes on offer, and the financial schemes available to make moving simpler and more affordable.

Debbie Whittingham, sales and marketing director at Taylor Wimpey North Yorkshire, comments: "Rose Cottage Farm is a prestigious development of stunning homes, and we're holding this event to show first-time buyers just how easy it could be to get onto the property ladder and into their dream home.

"We have a range of properties ideal for young couples and families alike, and this event will give buyers an invaluable opportunity to get insight into what life could be like at Rose Cottage Farm."

One of the homes available at the development, which is located off Strait Lane, is the popular three-bedroom Gosford.

This spacious home is available in a semi-detached or mid-terrace design, and features a master bedroom with en suite, a living room overlooking the front of the home, and a fitted kitchen and dining area with French doors leading to the rear garden.

Another home ideal for those looking to take that first step onto the ladder is the three-bedroom, detached Aldenham. With an integral garage, spacious lounge featuring French doors leading to the rear garden, a separate dining room, and a master bedroom with en suite, this stunning home offers luxury living at an affordable price.

Properties at the development start from just £164,950. Debbie continues: "Thanks to the range of financial schemes we have available, buying a home at Rose Cottage Farm has never been easier.

"Help to Buy in particular has been instrumental to firsttime buyers in the region - many of whom have managed to purchase a bigger home than they ever thought possible, thanks to the scheme." The government-backed Help to Buy is available on all homes at the development, and gives buyers an opportunity to purchase a brand-new home with just a 5% deposit.

Debbie concludes: "If you're considering moving to the Middlesbrough area, come along this weekend to find out more about the designs of homes available, as well as the various ways we can help you move."

For further information on the Rose Cottage Farm development and the homes available, visit the Sales Information Centre off Strait Lane, open Thursday to Monday between 11am and 5pm or call 01642 927850.

Alternatively, log onto www.taylorwimpey.co.uk for more information.

Development File DEVELOPMENT: Rose Cottage Farm LOCATION: Near Stainton, Middlesbrough DEVELOPER: Taylor Wimpey North Yorkshire HOUSE TYPES: Semi-detached, mid-terrace, detached PRICES: From £164,950 CONTACT DETAILS: Call 01642 927850 or visit www.taylorwimpey.co.uk

Document EVEGAZ0020160602ec6200001




Revenue Department Reminds Homeowners Using Home-sharing Sites to Register, Collect and Remit the Hotel Occupancy Tax

504 words
1 June 2016
03:00 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2016    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved.      

HARRISBURG, Pa., May 31, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Pennsylvania is already a tremendous summer travel destination and the state will host the U.S. Open Golf Tournament near Pittsburgh and the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia this year. With many travelers using online home-sharing sites to book a place to stay, the Department of Revenue is reminding homeowners to report the income and register, collect and remit the state's 6 percent hotel occupancy tax.

"Thousands of travelers visit Pennsylvania each year to enjoy our historic sites, great outdoors and vibrant celebrations and they are increasingly using online home-sharing agencies to rent a room or an entire house for a short-term stay," said Revenue Secretary Eileen McNulty. "It is important for those property owners to understand their responsibility to register, collect and remit the state's hotel occupancy tax."

Under state law, renting out sleeping accommodations for less than 30 days is a hotel rental and the state's 6 percent hotel occupancy tax applies. Homeowners should also report income from home-sharing rentals with their Personal Income Tax Return, using Schedule C, Profit or Loss from Business or Profession.

To collect the hotel occupancy tax, property owners must first register with the Department of Revenue for a Sales, Use and Hotel Occupancy Tax License by completing and submitting Form PA-100. The form is online at www.pa100.state.pa.us.

After registering and obtaining a license and account number, property owners must create a separate account with e-TIDES, the department's easy-to-use online system for filing business tax returns and making payments, including the hotel occupancy tax.

In addition to the state's hotel occupancy tax, the department collects a 1 percent local hotel tax in Philadelphia and Allegheny County. Additional hotel tax imposed by counties is collected by county treasurers where it applies.

The department is helping homeowners who are unaware of their responsibility to collect the state hotel occupancy tax. In recent months more than 2,500 letters have been sent to property owners using home-sharing sites with instructions to complete a questionnaire to determine if the hotel occupancy tax applies. Homeowners have the opportunity to remit past-due tax and interest without penalty.

Property owners needing assistance registering for a Sales, Use and Hotel Occupancy Tax License using the Online PA-100 portal should contact the Department of Revenue at 717-787-1064. Those with questions about filing hotel occupancy tax returns and remitting using e-TIDES should call 717-783-6277. Forms and other information is available at www.revenue.pa.gov.

Media Contact: Kevin Hensil, 717-787-6960

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/revenue-department-reminds-homeowners-using-home-sharing-sites-to-register-collect-and-remit-the-hotel-occupancy-tax-300277019.html

SOURCE Pennsylvania Department of Revenue

Web site: http://www.state.pa.us

Document PRN0000020160531ec5v000h6




Most Age-Based 529s Courting Market Timing Risk

504 words
27 May 2016
Penton Insight
NSGHT
Wealth Management
English
© 2016 Penton Business Media. All rights reserved. 

Age-based portfolios are growing in popularity among 529 college-savings plans. These portfolios operate similarly to target-date retirement funds in that they become less equity-heavy over time. But as a new Morningstar report points out, 80 percent of age-based portfolios use a static approach, which makes allocation changes abruptly, often with double-digit percentage-point changes in a single day. This approach can result in significant market risk. "The Aggressive age-based tracks from the Kansas American Century advisor- and direct-sold plans stand as one of the more egregious examples of this; between age 17 and 18, management shifts assets from a 50 percent equity portfolio to a 0 percent equity allocation portfolio in one day," writes Janet Yang, Morningstar director.

 "Not only does that subject half the portfolio's value to whatever may be happening on the rebalancing day, it does so when asset levels should be at or near their peaks." That's why Yang strongly prefers funds that take a smoother, more progressive approach down the glide path. Bigger steps lead to a wider range of outcomes, on the downside and the upside.



What Happens When Women Are on the Board

Having a larger share of female directors on the board of public companies has been linked to those firms doing fewer mergers and acquisitions, according to a Notre Dame study reported in the Washington Post. The researchers looked at nearly 3,000 acquisitions in the U.S. between 1998 and 2010; firms that added female directors, going from zero to two, dropped their M&A rate by an average 18 percent, they found, and spent an average $97.2 million less on that activity. "These findings could be interpreted in at least two ways," the Post reported. "Perhaps women, often stereotyped as the gentler, more risk-averse gender, dampened company productivity with their trigger-shyness. Or, because roughly half of mergers and acquisitions end poorly, they knocked some business sense into male colleagues." The researchers suspect that any diversity on a corporate board would have similar outcomes, as diversity can break up "groupthink" and add to more "thorough and deliberate evaluations" of risk in making acquisitions.



MaxMyInterest Improves Client Onboarding

?

MaxMyInterest, a cash management technology that automatically reallocates funds among accounts to take advantage of interest rates, updated its client onboarding process to let advisors pre-register clients using data they already have. The company said this would help advisors incorporate held-away cash into financial planning discussions. The company has released several features for advisors in recent months, including a new advisor dashboard and the ability to add a firm's branding to the MaxMyInterest platform. According to Michael Halloran, the head of Partnerships and Business Development at MaxMyInterest, advisors are using MaxMyInterest to find 90 basis points of alpha, grow their AUM and improve relationships with clients.



Want The Daily Brief delivered directly to your inbox? Sign up for WealthManagement.com's Morning Memo newsletter.

Document NSGHT00020160527ec5r0002t




RealEstate
Do this to tee up sale

ANDREW WINTER      
504 words
21 May 2016
Gold Coast Bulletin
GCBULL
GoldCoastRE
10
English
© 2016 News Limited. All rights reserved.      

The best way to sell your property is to get the marketing right first time, but don't forget to have a plan B Having made a career from helping vendors sell "the unsellable", my first question to any vendor centres on the length of the sale process to date.

It's not just about where the property is located, or what it is, or even if the said seller possesses good taste in cushions. Once the question is answered, I try to find the typical days quoted to sell a home in a particular location and price band. This establishes the selling-time benchmark, which should be referred to before "selling panic" sets in.

If you live in any of the 10 quickest-selling suburbs listed by REA (realestate.com.au owner) and you've been trying to sell for only a month, there could actually be cause to panic.

This data is great news for would-be vendors in these suburbs - one stunner is Wyoming in New South Wales, where 163 sales were recorded after a tiny average of 16 days for sale.

Just to make the rest of us feel better, these suburbs will not always be at the top. Anyway, there is nothing more frustrating than to see your listing languishing on the market. So here are my top survival tips to minimise the pain.

My first tip is price-related and involves being realistic with expectations. Whether you are disclosing a figure for marketing, going to auction, or seeking private sale, in most cases I see the figure is not in line with market expectations. This can prolong a transaction.

Tip two is to be market ready. Prepare for the sale by cleaning, de-cluttering and ensuring paperwork is in place (approvals, warranties, etc). You must know the local market and be fully aware of the competition. Research online, in the papers and property magazines, to find what homes like yours offer in terms of value, presentation and specification. It is not always necessary to upgrade kitchens and bathrooms. If you do need to undertake improvements, this process should indicate how drastic they need be.

The third tip is that selling is all about attracting buyer interest. You may only need one buyer, but the most successful sales always have more. Competition for the home places the vendor in a strong position.

Finally, one selling strategy does not fit all. Agents with a standard campaign may be successful, but what if your home is a little different? You need creative campaigns and alternative strategies if the first attempt does not work. Varying images/text and marketing mediums is key, as is keeping a campaign fresh.To recap: get to know the typical time it takes to sell a home like yours from the start; acknowledge market value; prepare the sale to meet local market preferences and expect a genuine marketing strategy, with a plan B in place from day one.

Document GCBULL0020160520ec5l0003m




Press Release: Stull, Stull & Brody is Investigating Claims on Behalf of Target Corporation's (NYSE:TGT) 401(k) Plan

504 words
21 May 2016
09:00 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2016, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.      

Stull, Stull & Brody is Investigating Claims on Behalf of Target Corporation's (NYSE:TGT) 401(k) Plan

NEW YORK, May 20, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Stull, Stull & Brody today announced that a securities fraud complaint has been filed and that it has commenced an investigation relating to the 401(k) defined contribution plan of Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) ("Target" or the "Company"). Among other things, Stull, Stull & Brody is investigating whether fiduciaries of Target's 401(k) plan violated the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA") by offering Target stock as an investment option under the plan when it was not prudent to do so and by failing to disclose the Company's true financial and operating condition to participants and beneficiaries of the plan.

If you held Target stock in an individual account under any of the Company's 401(k) plan during the last several years and have questions about your legal rights or interests with respect to these matters, please contact Michael Klein, Esq. at Stull, Stull & Brody by e-mail at TGT@ssbny.com, by calling toll-free 1-800-337-4983 x147, by fax to 1-212-490-2022, or by writing to Stull, Stull & Brody, 6 East 45th Street, New York, NY 10017. You can also visit our website at www.ssbny.com.

The securities fraud action filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota focuses on whether, between February 27, 2013 and May 19, 2014, the Company and its executives violated federal securities laws by making false and/or misleading statements regarding the Company's launch of its operations in Canada. The securities fraud action alleges that Target failed to disclose the following facts: (a) at the time of the opening of its stores in Canada, it had significant problems with its supply chain infrastructure, distribution centers, and technology systems; (b) these problems caused significant issues, including excess inventory at distribution centers and inadequate inventory at retail locations; (c) this excess inventory at distribution centers and lack of inventory at retail locations forced Target to heavily discount products, incurring heavy losses; (d) these supply-chain and personnel problems were atypical of newly launched locations in Target's traditional U.S.-based market; (e) as a result, statements about Target, its financial condition, and the outlook for its business lacked a reasonable basis.

You may retain Stull, Stull & Brody, or other counsel of your choice, to represent you. Stull, Stull & Brody has litigated many class actions for violations of securities laws in federal courts over the past 40 years and has obtained court approval of substantial settlements on numerous occasions. Stull, Stull & Brody maintains offices in New York and Beverly Hills.

Attorney Advertising. Prior Results Do Not Guarantee A Similar Outcome.

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

May 20, 2016 19:00 ET (23:00 GMT)

Document DJDN000020160520ec5k003sf




Barry Coughlan
Travel digest with Barry Coughlan

504 words
14 May 2016
The Irish Examiner
IRISEX
English
© Irish Examiner, 2016.    Thomas Crosbie Media, TCH 

10-day fly-drive LA packakge

With direct flights by Aer Lingus to Los Angeles, Tour America has put together a 10-day fly-drive package (September 16) taking in the city of Los Angeles along with two stops at well-known beach resorts, Santa Barbara and Huntington.

The deal comes in at ?1,299 and includes 10 days car hire, three nights each in LA and Santa Barbara and four in Huntington Beach based on four sharing.

Tour America also has current offers to Orlando, Las Vegas and New York.

Details on www.touramerica.ie

Gourmet adventure to tickle taste buds

Tailored for the taste buds, a three-night, four-day gourmet and cooking adventure is almost on hand, taking place next week (May 17-19) in Cork, no less.

The adventure includes a feast of local produce to enjoy, and this gourmet adventure takes in the best of Cork's cooking, from the fine-dining of the five-star Hayfield Manor, to the contemporary kitchens at Ballymaloe Cookery School.

The deal costs ?646 per person sharing and full details are available now on: http://tours.goodfoodireland.ie/tour/gourmet-and-cooking-adventure-cork

Plenty of night-time action in Madeira

For years, Madeira has been a popular destination for the over 50's, with unspoilt scenery, magnificent public gardens, a mild year-round climate and a laid back friendly people among its many charms.

But Madeira isn't all about the sedate, it has plenty of night time action as well, with lively pubs and night clubs dotted around the centre of the island's capital Funchal.

Topflight offers special deals on departures from Dublin on both May 19 and 26 with accommodation and packages ranging from ?499 (?469 by booking online) and ?599 (?569). Call 01 2401700, see www.topflight.ie or visit any travel agent.

Slow food week festival in the Burren

The rising popularity of the Slow Food movement in Ireland will be demonstrated in County Clare this month when Michelin Star chefs, food writers and food producers come together for the Burren Slow Food Week Festival 2016 taking place from May 27 to 29.

The 10th annual festival - the theme of which is 'Surf & Turf'- includes dozens of food events, ranging from workshops and demonstrations to food sampling and a charity cycle for Cystic Fibrosis Ireland featuring some of Ireland's best-known chefs as participants. Visit www.slowfoodclare.com

Project Travel expands escorted tours

Project Travel has expanded its programme of escorted tours for Summer 2016.

Ranging from four to 17 days, the new tours focus on the Scandinavian capitals but many itineraries also feature Bergen and the Norwegian fjords, while some include St Petersburg.

The highlight surely will be the 17-night Grand Tour of Scandinavia and St Petersburg which is priced at ?5,095 but with flights costing extra. The departure date has been fixed for July 16.

Details on www.Project-Travel.ie or call 01 2108391.

Document IRISEX0020160514ec5e0002d




Actis sells XP Investimentos stake

504 words
4 May 2016
Private Equity International
PRION
English
Copyright 2016. PEI Media Ltd. All rights reserved.      

"The UK firm is selling its shares in the Brazilian retail brokerage to General Atlantic.

Actis , a growth investor, has agreed to sell its remaining stake in XP Investimentos, a large independent retail brokerage firm in Brazil, to US investment firm General Atlantic , according to a statement. 

Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. 

Actis sold half of its stake in XP Investimentos to General Atlantic in January 2013. The latest transaction will see Actis exit its involvement with XP Investimentos completely, according to the statement. 

It is unclear which fund General Atlantic is investing from. The firm did not respond to a request for comment. 

Actis first invested in XP Investimentos in 2010, when it acquired a $58 million minority stake. The investment has helped the company capitalise on a surge in interest among Brazilians for investment products, including equities, mutual funds, bonds and insurance. With Actis's backing, the company has invested in technology, has diversified into new product lines and made a series of acquisitions, according to the statement. 

"We have been delighted to support XP Investimentos and help cement its position as the largest independent financial platform in Brazil," said Chu Kong, co-head of Latin America at Actis, in the statement. 

"It has enjoyed strong growth, achieved both organically and through carefully selected acquisitions."

Actis also strengthened the board of XP Investimentos with the appointment of Mark Collier as non-executive director in 2012. Collier was previously president of Charles Schwab Europe and co-CEO of Schwab International. The XP Investimentos management team is led by Guilherme Benchimol.

XP Investimentos, founded in 2001, has also been providing retail investors with access to financial education. The company has trained more than 500,000 people in topics ranging from the basics of personal finance to advanced portfolio management strategies. 

London-based Actis has $7.6 billion in assets under management and has invested $1.1 billion in the financial services sector across growth markets, including $230 million in the sector in Latin America. Actis typically makes buyout and growth investments with a minimum size of $50 million. The firm applies developed market disciplines to growth markets through a team of 100 investment professionals in 10 offices throughout Africa, China, India, Latin America and South-East Asia. 

The firm has invested more than $4.4 billion in over 160 companies in financial services, oil and gas, retail, mining, real estate, infrastructure, leisure, telecoms, healthcare, manufacturing and agribusiness sectors. Actis recently exited pan-African electronic payment company EMP Holdings. 

New York-based General Atlantic is a growth equity firm founded in 1980 and has $17.9 billion assets under management. General Atlantic provides capital and strategic support for growth companies, with 100 investment professionals based in New York, Greenwich, Palo Alto, Sao Paulo, Mexico City, London, Munich, Amsterdam, Beijing, Hong Kong, Mumbai and Singapore. The firm's latest fund, General Atlantic Separate Account fund held a close of $250 million in January, according to PEI Research and Analytics.

Document PRION00020160505ec5400001




Wealth management Investors ignore equity risk in search of dividend-paying stocks Yield hunt poses risk for investors

Ruth Liew      
504 words
3 May 2016
Canberra Times
CANBTZ
B009
English
(c) 2016 The Canberra Times      

Wealth management Investors ignore equity risk in search of dividend-paying stocks

Yield hunt poses risk for investors

Ruth Liew

"Whenever somebody is chasing higher yield, often what they should do is substitute yield for risk and see if that's still comfortable," BT Financial Group boss Brad Cooper says. Photo: Glenn Hunt

Investors' endless thirst for income could land them in hot water as they flock to riskier assets to boost returns. And it's a trend that needs to stop if they want long- term yield. That is the view of Brad Cooper, chief executive of one of Australia's biggest wealth management houses, BT Financial Group. The Westpac Banking Corp-owned wealth group warned investors were ignoring equity risk as they seek dividend-paying stocks and shun traditional income-producing asset classes such as fixed income. "Whenever somebody is chasing higher yield, often what they should do is substitute yield for risk and see if that's still comfortable," Mr Cooper said. "People should look at how much capital they have at risk, how much capital they're prepared to risk, and then take a view on yield. What I would advocate is a more balanced portfolio in this period of time." Research by Investment Trends found that 34 per cent of investors say their top goal in 2016 is to "maximise income", but record low interest rates make cash and term deposits unattractive. Around one out of three investors is looking to pour money into equities markets this year.

But many have seen their investments, even in blue-chip stocks, plummet after the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 fell 10 per cent during the past year. "I think it's going to remain volatile," Mr Cooper said about market returns for 2016. "[With] an election period over the next couple of months, this [volatility] is going to be with us for at least the remainder of 2016." Mr Cooper's comments come as BT Financial Group reported $452

million in cash earnings for the half year to March 31, which is flat from the same time last year. The group's parent company posted a 3 per cent hike in half-year profits to $3.9 billion, as the bank reported more bad loans in its institutional lending arm. The result is softer than expected, and Westpac said its institutional lending business was hit by "significantly higher" impairment charges because of four major customers, which added $252

million to its bad-debt charge. BT's results were 2 per cent lower than the six months to September. Mr Cooper said market volatility key to chipping at BT's figures this half. "We continued to see good flows into FUM [funds under management] and FUA [funds under advice], and we have also seen a positive performance in private wealth and the continued expansion of our insurance portfolio," he said.

77697120

Document CANBTZ0020160502ec530000s




Desjardins launches four new funds and one new portfolio

Desjardins Group; Canada NewsWire
504 words
2 May 2016
11:00 PM
Canada NewsWire
CNNW
English
Copyright ©    2016    Canada NewsWire Ltd. All rights reserved.      

In response to market volatility, a weak Canadian dollar and stagnant interest rates

LÉVIS, QC, May 2, 2016 /CNW Telbec/ - "The four new funds and the portfolio we are launching give advisors a wider range of options so they can better meet the needs of their members and clients who want more personalized investment solutions," says Éric Landry, Vice-President of Investment Solutions with Desjardins Wealth Management. "Given the market volatility we are seeing, the low Canadian dollar and stagnant interest rates, investors should take advantage of their advisors guidance to optimize their investment strategies so they can plan for the future."

The new Desjardins American Equity Growth Currency Neutral Fund is a fund that uses Canadian dollars to invest in American companies. This currency hedging minimizes the effects of exchange rate fluctuations on investment returns. 

The Desjardins IBrix Global Bond Fund can be used to increase income potential so investors can benefit from global economic diversity. The Fund uses a systematic and transparent approach to optimize investors' investment strategies.

The Desjardins IBrix Low Volatility Emerging Markets Fund takes an innovative approach to minimizing portfolio fluctuations while benefiting from the growth of companies in emerging economies.

The Desjardins Canadian Preferred Share Fund is designed to provide investors with dividend income to optimize net returns from the fixed income portion of non-registered portfolios, while offering access to the preferred share market.

Finally, the Melodia 100% Equity Growth Portfolio is being added to the Melodia family of portfolios, which offer turnkey solutions to growth-hungry investors. This portfolio offers exposure to Canadian, U.S. and international markets.

About Desjardins Group

Desjardins Grouphttp://www.desjardins.com/is the leading cooperative financial group in Canada and the sixth largest cooperative in the world, with assets of $248.1 billion. It has been rated one of the Best Employers in Canada by Aon Hewitt. To meet the diverse needs of its members and clients, Desjardins offers a full range of products and services to individuals and businesses through its extensive distribution network, online platforms and subsidiaries across Canada. Considered North America's strongest bank according to Bloomberg News, Desjardins has one of the highest capital ratios and credit ratings in the industry.

Desjardins Funds are not guaranteed, their value fluctuates frequently and their past performance is not indicative of their future returns. Commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and expenses may all be associated with mutual fund investments. Please read the prospectus before investing.  Desjardins Funds are offered by such registered dealers as Desjardins Financial Services Firm, a mutual fund dealer belonging to Desjardins Group that distributes the Funds in caisses throughout Quebec and Ontario, as well as through Desjardins Business centres.



SOURCE Desjardins Group

http://rt.prnewswire.com/rt.gif?NewsItemId=C8320&Transmission_Id=201605020900CANADANWCANADAPR_C8320&DateId=20160502

(media inquiries only): Richard Lacasse, 418-835-8444 or 1-866-835-8444, ext. 3163, media@desjardins.com      

Document CNNW000020160502ec5200238




Business
Vardags responds to Gary Lineker on divorce criticism

By Lucy Roue      
504 words
29 April 2016
08:05 PM
manchestereveningnews.co.uk
MNONL
English
© 2016 Trinity Mirror      

The former England footballer said lawyers try to manipulate the divorce process to make people spend more money

A top divorce lawyer at Manchester-based family law firm Vardags has spoken out following Gary Lineker's comments about divorce lawyers.

Former England footballer and Match of the Day presenter Lineker - recently divorced from his second wife Danielle Bux - said lawyers try to manipulate the divorce process to make people spend more money and consequently create "hate" between parties involved.

He also called for the process of divorce settlements to be simplified to a 'mathematical equation' after Lineker and Miss Bux used a government website to formalise their split and save on legal fees.

Charlie Bell, a senior lawyer at Vardags which has an office on the eighth floor of the Grade II Listed Ship Canal House on King Street, said 'it's the system, rather than we as lawyers, which encourages animosity between separating couples'.

"To an extent, it is the system which makes it difficult for couples to split, amicably or otherwise.

"A mathematical formula, as suggested by Gary Lineker, would give clarity to the general public as to the financial consequences of divorcing. However, it is difficult to imagine how such a 'one size fits all' approach can produce an outcome that is fair in every case."

Charlie, who has acted for and against heirs and heiresses, tycoons, international footballers, celebrities and royalty in big-ticket financial and associated divorce cases, said there probably isn't a perfect system, but there 'has to be a better one'.

Read More: Growing law firm keeps it in the family

"As a family lawyer, possibly surprisingly, I don't necessarily disagree with the majority of Gary Lineker's comments," said Charlie.

"I'm not 100% on board with the 'evil money grabbing lawyers' rhetoric. But it is true that many people come out of a divorce feeling bitter about the process, the cost and their former spouse. "

He added: "The Matrimonial Causes Act, which governs the distribution of assets upon divorce, received royal assent in 1973, 43 years ago.

"The judiciary have, to some extent, endeavoured to move the law forwards to reflect the times that we now live in. However, without reform by the legislature, there is a limit to how much change can be enacted."

London-headquartered Vardags is continuing to bolster its local presence in the north west after opening a 1,384 sq ft office in Ship Canal House on King Street earlier this year.

In Gary Lineker's recent interview with the Radio Times, he also said 'it's very easy to get married and very difficult to get divorced'.

Charlie added: "There needs to be greater clarity in relation to the laws which govern the distribution of financial resources upon divorce.

"The possible range of outcomes in any given case can be vast, depending on which judge hears a case and their mood on that particular day."

Document MNONL00020160429ec4t000b9




17 Famous People Who Died Without A Will

Kelly Phillips Erb, Forbes Staff      
504 words
27 April 2016
Forbes.com
FBCOM
English
© 2016 Forbes LLC      

17 Famous People Who Died Without A Will

Prince Rogers Nelson (better known as Prince) made headlines recently when his sister filed documents claiming that the entertainer died without a will. As hard as that might be to believe, it's not all that unusual. According to a 2015 Rocket Lawyer survey, 64% of Americans don't have a will. Not surprisingly, the number is higher for younger Americans (70% those aged 45-54) than for older Americans (54% those aged 55-64 do not have a Will). Prince was 57.

Of those surveyed without a will, most (60%) indicated they simply haven't gotten around to making one yet while just over a quarter (27%) don't feel that it's urgent. Why put it off? It's depressing for one: folks don't like to think about wills because it forces them to think about their own death. It's also viewed as costly: people believe that lawyers are expensive and those same folks often underestimate the value of their assets, thinking that they don't have much to distribute.

Typically, a will spells out who will serve as the executor as well as who will receive assets belonging to the decedent and under what terms. If you die without a will, you are considered intestate. Under intestacy laws, the distribution of your assets is pre-determined according to degree of relationship. Not only can't you choose your beneficiaries without a will, you can't dictate the person you want to manage your affairs. You can't plan to reduce or eliminate inheritance and/or estate taxes, or income taxes. Simply put: without a will, you typically have no control over your own assets at death.

It's a lot to leave up to the law but a majority of Americans do just that - including celebrities. Here are 17 famous people who died without a will:

* Abraham Lincoln: one of the most famous lawyers of our time and the sixteenth president of the United States.

* Martin Luther King, Jr.: civil rights leader and activist.

* Jimi Hendrix: one of the greatest guitar players of all time.

* Pablo Picasso: famous artist.

* Howard Hughes: entrepreneur and billionaire

* Bob Marley: Jamaican singer/songwriter.

* Kurt Cobain: singer/songwriter and frontman for Nirvana.

* Tupac Shakur: rap artist and actor.

* Salvatore Phillip "Sonny" Bono: entertainer turned U.S. Congressman.

* Barry White: soulful entertainer.

* Stieg Larsson: famous author.

* James Brown: singer known as the Godfather of Soul. (Quick disclaimer: Brown did sign a will but it is subject to litigation.)

* Steve McNair: former NFL quarterback and Pro Bowler.

* Nate Dogg: rapper and actor.

* Amy Winehouse: British singer/songwriter.

* Prince: multi-talented artist.

* Michael Jackson: the King of Pop. (Quick disclaimer: Jackson's mother initially filed paperwork - much like Prince's sister - alleging that there was no will. A will was eventually discovered.)

For more details on each person's individual story, click through the gallery above.

Document FBCOM00020160427ec4r000xg




Treasury Announces Partnership with Inceptia to Provide Student Loan Default Prevention Services

504 words
27 April 2016
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2016.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved.      

MIL OSI -

Source: US State of Michigan - Press Release/Statement:

Headline: Treasury Announces Partnership with Inceptia to Provide Student Loan Default Prevention Services

Contact: Jeremy Sampson 517-335-2167Agency: Treasury

April 26, 2016

LANSING, Mich. - The Student Financial Services Bureau, a Bureau within the Michigan Department of Treasury, is pleased to announce that a MiDEAL Extended Purchasing contract has been awarded to Inceptia to provide MiDEAL member colleges and universities with student loan default prevention and financial literacy services at a reduced cost. Inceptia's counselors will connect with individual borrowers who have become delinquent on their student loans and address their specific repayment needs in order to find the best tailored solution to get them back on track with repaying their loans, thereby preventing student loan default. In turn, MiDEAL member colleges and universities who take advantage of this service will benefit by reducing their Cohort Default Rate (CDR).

The CDR, or the percentage of a school's borrowers who enter repayment on their federal student loans during a fiscal year and default prior to the end of the next one to two fiscal years, remains a major concern for Michigan colleges and universities. The time and expense of conducting in-house default aversion programs is often not feasible for institutions. However, the threat of sanctions and the loss of federal funding, has created a need to keep the 3-year CDR well below the 30% threshold. Taking advantage of this MiDEAL opportunity will help address the CDR issues many Michigan institutions are facing. "At no cost to the state, Michigan has taken a step toward helping colleges address this problem which is in the best interest of students," said Anne Wohlfert, State Bureau Administrator for the Michigan Department of Treasury.

Colleges and universities who take advantage of this ground breaking state initiative, will realize advantages that are not limited to actual dollar savings on this service. Indirect savings are also realized through the elimination of administrative duplication. The work of writing and updating specifications, drafting solicitations, maintaining a large, diverse pool of potential bidders, accepting, reviewing, and evaluating bid responses, making award recommendations, and negotiating terms and conditions has already been completed. Colleges and universities can have confidence that the RFP process has been completed by the State and representatives from the higher education community with best value and price considerations in mind. Inceptia will work individually with MiDEAL institutions to determine their unique needs and create a contractual arrangement accordingly.

In addition, Michigan high schools will have the opportunity to take advantage of Inceptia's financial literacy modules at no cost through MiDEAL. This leads to students who are better prepared for the financial responsibilities of higher education.

Michigan degree-granting, non-profit colleges and universities who are interested in seeking more information about this contract should go to http://www.buy4michigan.com to view the Student Loan Default Prevention Management Services contract #027116B0006554.

# # # #

Subscribe to Treasury Press Releases

-

-

Document PARALL0020160427ec4r0000t




Anzac Day 2016: WWI hero Simpson's will discovered by WA State Records Office

Eliza Laschon and Jacob Kagi      
504 words
22 April 2016
Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) News
ABCNEW
English
(c) 2016 Australian Broadcasting Corporation      

The last will and testament of renowned Gallipoli hero Private John Simpson Kirkpatrick is uncovered at Western Australia's State Records Office.

It was a tragic but essential task: young WWI soldiers writing their wills in the field, assigning what little most had to their families and loved ones who were anxiously waiting at home for their return.

The will of a Gallipoli hero, Private John Simpson Kirkpatrick, was recently discovered by the State Records Office (SRO) in Western Australia and is now on display to mark Anzac Day.

Simpson and his donkey became symbols of the Anzac spirit, famed for transporting wounded Australian and New Zealand soldiers from the frontline at Gallipoli to safety in 1915.

According to the Australian War Memorial website, Simpson was born in England in 1892, joined the merchant marines at 17 and eventually made his way to Australia.

In August 1914, he enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force and started training at Blackboy Hill camp near Perth.

Simpson disembarked for training in Egypt and it was there, just weeks before his death, he pencilled a will on April 6, 1915.

"In the event of my death, I give the whole of my property and effects to my mother Sarah Simpson," he wrote.

The probate file found with the will revealed his personal estate was worth 37 pounds and 13 shillings which is equivalent to about $4,500 today, according to the SRO.

State archivist Cathrin Cassarchis said the collection of wills depicted men who had not yet really embarked on their lives.

"They are very often quite simple wills leaving very modest amounts to family members," she said.

"Clearly, they were expecting the engagement at Gallipoli to be difficult because obviously a number of soldiers were handed sheets of paper on which to record their wills.

"It's a very personal part of our history ... the records such as wills not only tell individual stories but they paint a picture of what life was like for the young men on the front at this time."

Simpson was posted to the 3rd Field Ambulance and landed in Gallipoli on April 25.

As a stretcher bearer he decided he would enlist the help of a donkey to carry the wounded.

Only three weeks after landing he was killed by a Turkish bullet during a journey up Monash Valley to help wounded soldiers and became a national symbol of sacrifice and courage.

Culture and Arts Minister John Day said the will was a very poignant symbol of the enormous sacrifice and service that so many young soldiers from Australia and New Zealand gave.

"This collection here really is fundamental to our heritage and our sense of identity as a state as part of the Commonwealth of Australia," he said.

Along with Simpson's will, more than 3,600 wills from WA Great War military personnel have been uncovered and their names are .

Document ABCNEW0020160422ec4m000bg




Money
How to spot a bargain on National Record Store Day

By James Andrews      
504 words
16 April 2016
12:43 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2016 Mirror Group Ltd      

After a man spent £1 on a record worth thousands, we take a look at what you should look out for on National Record Store Day

On Saturday thousands of Brits will be heading to record stores up and down the country, hunting for new limited editions and old favourites.

But with vinyl sales rising, and collectors getting involved, could you also pick something up that's worth thousands?

That's what happened to one man from the north west this week, spending £1 on an album by British bank Complex that turned out to be worth £10,000 .

So if you're planning to hit the shops this weekend, what should you be looking for?

Read more: Everything you need to know about Record Store Day 2016

Special vinyl records made exclusively for National Record Store Day- this year there are releases from artists including David Bowie, Florence and the Machine and Interpol.

There's no guarantee that they'll go on to be worth thousands, but there's also no doubt that rarity helps things increase in value if they become in demand items later on.

You can see the full list of special releases here .

Read more: 3million vinyl records sold in 2016 - the surprising people buying them

Careful here - lots of classic albums have been re-released, making it harder to tell if the record in your hand is 50 or 5 years old.

The right copy of Bowie's Space Oddity/Wild Eyed Boy From Freecloud could be worth thousands, a re-release can be picked up for less than £10.

One of the key quick ways to check is to see if the record is recorded in mono or stereo. Most re-presses of older records were in stereo, so a mono copy is more likely to be original and so worth more.

Another quick way to check is to look up when the recording was first released and on which record label. Some records - for example Abbey Road - have later and far less valuable pressings later on, while the originals are collector's items.

You can read more on how to check if something an original pressing here .

Even a rare record is worth a lot less if you can't play it. Check for scratches. Most older vinyl records have surface scratches that probably don't matter much, but a deep scratch will seriously affect the record's value (and make it unplayable).

Also check the sleeve - looking for mould, splitting seams and ring wear. The better condition it's in, the more it's worth.

Read more: How to build the ultimate hi-fi for listening to vinyl

If you think you've found something valuable - or just under-priced - check on Discogs .

The site not only lists what albums are worth, but also offers good guides to how to check it's original as well as prices for other pressings.

Document MIRUK00020160415ec4f0033h




Paychex to Showcase Enhanced Financial Advisor Experience at NAPA 401(k) Summit

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
13 April 2016
India Insurance News
ATINNW
English
Copyright © 2016 Contify.com 

April 13 -- Paychex, Inc., one of the nation's leading providers in retirement recordkeeping services for businesses, will be exhibiting at the National Association of Plan Advisors (NAPA) 401(k) Summit in Nashville, Tenn., April 17-19, where it will showcase an enhanced online experience for financial advisors.

A redesigned website and new Advisor Console, as well as notable expansion within the retirement division, reflect the company's commitment to providing financial advisors with best-in-class tools to help them grow their business and better serve clients.

Financial advisors can now visit a new site - paychex.com/advisors - where they will have a single point of access to login to their Paychex plan accounts, as well as find calculators, resources, and support information. The site is also home to timely articles and news designed to keep advisors and their clients updated on the current issues that impact them - such as the Department of Labor's fiduciary rule.

In addition to these expanded offerings, Paychex has launched an Advisor Console, giving advisors an easier way to access and manage their plans. The Console allows users to see an overview of their entire book of business with Paychex, along with showing the total number of plans, details of each plan, and the assets under management for those plans. Advisors can also view client plan information, participant transaction histories, rates of return, and investment information through the portal. Advisors can access the Console via the same newly designed advisor website at paychex.com/advisors.

"Paychex is committed to providing the financial advisor community with the tools they need to stay well-informed and continually build relationships with their clients," said Paychex vice president of human resource services sales Lonny Ostrander. "The retirement plan industry is going through major changes, due in large part to regulations such as the fiduciary rule, and Paychex is well-positioned to support the financial advisor community as easily and seamlessly as possible. Our goal remains to assist advisors in providing their clients with the right retirement plan solutions now and in the future, and we believe these enhancements will greatly help in achieving that goal."

One of the nation's leading providers in retirement recordkeeping services, Paychex is expanding organically with additional sales and service teams dedicated to plans in the greater-than $750,000 space.

Paychex Retirement Services includes a full suite of retirement services designed to meet the needs of businesses of all sizes. In addition to extensive options for plan sponsors, Paychex Retirement Services also works with financial advisors to help grow retirement plan business through a dedicated team of wholesalers, sales representatives, and advisor support experts.

Paychex will be demonstrating the enhanced advisor console on site at the 15th Annual NAPA 401(k) Summit. To learn more about the growth of Paychex Retirement Services or participate in a demo of the Advisor Console at the show, please visit booth 403.

Source: Paychex

Document ATINNW0020160414ec4d00031




grade-point
Everything you need to know about paying for college before decision day 

By Danielle Douglas-Gabriel      
504 words
7 April 2016
Washington Post.com
WPCOM
English
Copyright 2016, The Washington Post Co.    All Rights Reserved.      

High school seniors have a few more weeks to decide where they want to head this fall. Selecting a college can be nerve-wracking, but paying for it can be downright frightening. To make sure families are armed with all of the information they need during this time, we've compiled articles that cover everything from financial aid letters to tuition insurance policies (yes, that's a thing).

How to read a financial aid award letter: There is a lot of variation in the financial aid award letters schools use to inform students of the grants, scholarships and loans available to them. We got hold of a few letters and highlighted key terms that can help families understand exactly how much money they have to pay. Read More?

Check Out Our Interactive Award Letters

How to negotiate a better financial aid package: Unless you're one of those lucky families whose kid receives a full ride, chances are the scholarships and grants schools offer will fall short of what your child actually needs. And that means you might want to start negotiating. Many families don't realize it, but there is often a little wiggle room in financial aid awards. Read More?

What to do when you haven't saved much for your kid's college education: There are options available to help you pay for your child's education. A crucial first step is having a frank conversation with your college-bound student about your finances. Figure out how much you can contribute, but don't immediately write off expensive schools. Read more?.

A way to pay for college that doesn't involve borrowing money: Many colleges offer monthly payment plans that let students spread out the cost of school over the fall and spring semesters. This can be a great alternative to borrowing money to pay all at once, but there are some questions students should ask before signing up. Read more?

What you need to know about private student loans: Given the high cost of public and private universities, chances are most families will have to borrow some money to pay for school. But as they decide between student loans offered by the government and those offered by financial firms, consumer advocates caution families to be mindful of the rigid terms that often come with private loans. Read more?

Should you take out an insurance policy to cover college tuition?: No family wants to envision a child withdrawing from school, but with a year at most four-year universities costing at least $13,000, some parents are planning ahead. Read more?

Want to read more on paying for college? Check out these stories:

Your child got into a few colleges. Now here's what you need to know before making a decision.

When students face financial hardships, these colleges step up

Why so many students are spending six years getting a college degree

Document WPCOM00020160407ec47004pi




Pro Private Markets
Roundup of Form D Regulatory Filings--April 5

By Zachary Cole      
504 words
7 April 2016
12:23 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

(The following is a roundup of selected companies that have revealed securities sales in recent Form D regulatory filings. These companies are required to file a Form D notification within 15 days after the first sale of securities in an offering, which could indicate fundraising, acquisitions or other securities activity. The filings don't list the recipients of the securities being offered. However, they do list board members, so in cases where new investors have surfaced, we'll report them below.)

Complexa Inc., Pittsburgh, whose technology enables it to develop treatments for inflammatory and other diseases, has issued about half of a $2 million offering of debt, rights and securities. A June 2015 filing showed the company issuing $4 million through a similar offering with a target of $5 million. In 2014, the company secured a $13 million Series B round led by Jafco Life Science Investment.

Cortera Inc., Boca Raton, Fla., a provider of business-to-business analytics and cloud-based risk management services, has sold $3.5 million in equity. Investors in the company include Allen & Company, Battery Ventures, CIBC Capital Partners, Garvin Hill Capital Partners, TomorrowVentures and Volition Capital.

EdCast Inc., Mountain View, Calif., an online learning platform, has sold $12.9 million of a $15 million equity round. In 2014, the company raised a $6 million Series A round led by SoftBank Capital with participation from Mitch Kapor of Kapor Capital, Aarin Capital, Cervin Ventures, Menlo Ventures, NewSchools Venture Fund/CoLab and Stanford StartX Fund.

Hipmunk Inc., San Francisco, a travel search provider, has sold $5.7 million of a $10 million equity round. The company raised a $20 million growth round from investors including Ignition Partners, Institutional Venture Partners and Oak Investment Partners in 2014.

Ostendo Technologies Inc., Carlsbad, Calif., an emissive micro-display technology developer, has issued $15.5 million in convertible promissory notes, warrants and securities. The company has also increased the size of a similar offering to $11.8 million, according to a separate filing. A 2014 filing showed the company issuing $1.4 million of a $4 million offering. The company is listed in the portfolios of Intuitive Venture Partners and Third Wave Ventures.

Salutaris Medical Devices Inc., Tucson, Ariz., an ocular device developer, has issued $300,000 of a $3 million offering of securities. A March 2015 filing showed the company selling $1.2 million in equity. Desert Angels and Translational Accelerator LLC are backers.

Water Planet Inc., Los Angeles, which develops water treatment membrane products and solutions, has issued all but $100,000 of a $1.1 million round of equity, debt, rights and securities. In August 2015, the company received an undisclosed amount of Series B funding from investors including Aliad Corporate Venture fund, Bluestem Capital and UCLA Venture Fund.

http://www.complexarx.com

https://www.edcast.com

http://salutarismd.com

http://www.waterplanet.com

http://www.ostendo.com

https://www.hipmunk.com

https://www.cortera.com

Document WSJO000020160406ec46005mu


Which Fidelity Fund Is Better: Contrafund or New Millennium?

Nellie S. Huang, Senior Associate Editor, Kiplinger's Personal Finance      
504 words
6 April 2016
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.      

It's been a hard few years, but we think John Roth will be able to right the ship at New Millennium.

Two years ago, we pulled Fidelity Contrafund (symbol FCNTX) from the Kiplinger 25 and replaced it with Fidelity New Millennium (FMILX). We had no qualms about Contra's performance or the estimable Will Danoff, the fund's manager since 1990. Our concern was with its immense asset base, $114 billion at the time. We worried that Danoff would have trouble steering the battleship through increasingly turbulent markets. New Millennium, by contrast, had $3 billion in assets, about the same as it does today.

See Also: Fidelity New Millennium Hits a Rough Patch

The switch hasn't paid dividends...yet. Over the past two years through February 29, New Millennium lost a cumulative 8.4%; Contra gained 4.6%, and Standard & Poor's 500-stock index returned 7.2%.

New Millennium's problem? Actually, there were three: too many energy stocks, too many small- and midsize-company stocks, and, in 2015 in particular, not enough FANGs--the acronym for Facebook, Amazon.com, Netflix and Google, now called Alphabet. These four high-tech behemoths led the market last year.

Though Danoff and New Millennium's manager, John Roth, both focus on growing companies, Roth has more of a value tilt: He'll consider cheap stocks that are out of favor or economically sensitive companies that are rebounding. So Roth started to boost his energy holdings after the sector began to tumble, along with oil prices, in mid 2014. At last report, the fund had 14% of its assets in energy stocks, about twice the weight in the S&P 500. Although the energy sector seemed to turn the corner in mid January, whether the turnaround will lead to a meaningful improvement in New Millennium's near-term results remains to be seen.

Investors' infatuation with large-company stocks also hurt the fund. Roth is free to invest in companies of any size--and he does. Some 40% of New Millennium's assets sit in small-cap and mid-cap stocks. That has been a drag on the fund's performance because, on the whole, the smaller the company, the worse the stock performance over the past two years.

Roth's long-term record is solid. Since he became manager in July 2006, New Millennium has returned 7.0% annualized, edging the S&P 500 by an average of 0.4 percentage point per year. Morningstar analyst Katie Rushkewicz Reichart says that investors shouldn't count out New Millennium, despite the recent "rough patch." Roth's experience, plus the likelihood that the market will eventually turn against the higher fliers (if it hasn't already) and turn toward the unloved, should eventually benefit New Millennium's shareholders.

See Also: 9 Former Kip 25 Mutual Funds to Watch

Copyright 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors

Document KPCM000020160406ec4600002




IMPACT OF NEW PENSION FREEDOMS TO BE REVIEWED BY CITY REGULATOR

By Vicky Shaw, Personal Finance Correspondent      
504 words
6 April 2016
12:15 AM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2016, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved      

A review into how well the new pension freedoms are working for consumers will be launched by the City regulator in the coming months.

The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) plans to launch the retirement outcomes review at some point in the next six months.

The FCA also said it needs to consider any potential mis-selling risks that could arise from people being able to sell their retirement annuities for a lump sum from next year.

Launched a year ago on Wednesday, the freedoms allow people aged 55 and over to take their pension pot how they wish, subject to tax. They are no longer required to use the pot to buy a retirement annuity.

In its plan for 2016/17, the FCA said the review will consider the impact of the pension reforms on competition and switching in the market.

It said that with some people now releasing their pension pots as cash, these changes in behaviour "present different risks to the risks of selecting an annuity".

The plan said: "We will conduct work to help us understand how consumers react to 'wake-up packs', which encourage them to take action, and how they use and respond to the various annuity comparison tools.

"We will undertake work to ensure that consumers are able to make choices that are in their best interests given their circumstances."

From April 2017, people who already have an annuity will be able to sell it on in exchange for a lump sum.

The FCA's report said: "There are several risks we need to consider, for example, the risks of mis-selling and poor value for money for consumers, particularly those with small pension pots and the risk that our interventions undermine competition or stifle market development."

Recent research from Citizens Advice found that nearly nine in 10 people would fail to spot common warning signs of a pensions scam - such as the promise of unusually high investment returns and offers of "free financial advice".

The FCA said pensions are a priority for it for the coming financial year, given the fundamental recent changes to the market.

Its report said: "In some areas, such as pensions, Government policies are increasingly shifting responsibility for financial planning to individual consumers, which brings with it both opportunities and risks, such as the adequacy of consumers' long-term financial planning."

The regulator will also target resources to raise consumer awareness, disrupt scams and take enforcement action against unauthorised businesses.

The FCA also plans to consult on a planned cap on early pension exit charges. Parliament has given the FCA a duty to impose a cap on the charges amid fears that high charges could create a barrier for some people trying to access their pension savings.

It said: "We will be consulting on this to ensure that consumers are able to use their pension freedoms and transfer their pensions more freely without unnecessary barriers."

ends

Document PRESSA0020160405ec45005eh




Money
Tax-free savings: Cash ISAs, stocks and shares ISAs, Premium Bonds and pensions

By Julia Rampen      
504 words
5 April 2016
08:21 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2016 Mirror Group Ltd      

If you've maxed out your cash ISA or are just disappointed by the rates, why not open a second savings pot? We give you the lowdown on the options available

You can save up to £15,240 tax free in a cash ISA - but the interest rate you get is currently low, and you can't open two in the same year.

Here are some other tax-free savings ideas:

OK, so stock markets around the world have wobbled. But many professional investors argue this is the best time to pile in - especially if you're saving for the long term.

When it comes to growing your money, there's a 99% chance that stocks and shares will beat cash over 18 years, according to Barclays research.

You can find out more about the risks of a stock and shares ISA here. And if you don't feel up for picking the shares yourself, you can choose a fund that does the hard work for you. Check out our lowdown on some of the main ISA providers, which include Nutmeg, Hargreaves Lansdown and Fidelity.

If you like a little bit of suspense in your life, maybe it's time to buy Premium Bonds. Basically, you put money in and every month two savers get £1million. There's a further 2million prizes of up to £100,000 handed out as well.

The best bit is, you don't have to pay any tax on your winnings.

On the other hand, there's a 26,000 to 1 chance of winning. That means that someone with 'average' luck gets an effective interest rate of 1.35% on their savings. That's less than the best paying instant-access cash ISA. You can find out more about your chances here.

Read more: What is a cash ISA?

What are you actually saving for? If you're trying to set yourself up for a better later life, you can start by directing some of your savings into a pension. The earlier you start, the more you'll retire on.

It's tax-free, and if you save through a workplace scheme your boss has to put money in too. If you're self-employed, you can set up a pension with a provider like Nutmeg, Hargreaves Lansdown or Fidelity

The downside is you can't get any money out until you're over 55. But given the average life expectancy in the UK is 81, that still gives you a quarter century to spend it.

IF YOU'RE ON A LOW WAGE You can register for tax-free savings if you're earning less than £15,600 a year. Find out if you can get the tax-free treatment here.

IF YOU HAVE CHILDREN You can save for your kids in a tax-free junior ISA. Find out how to find the best rates and transfer Child Trust Funds here.

Document MIRUK00020160405ec450021a




Budget 2016: Reporting Of "Grandfathered" New Home Sales

Jamie Wilks    
504 words
4 April 2016
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2016 Mondaq Ltd    

Grandfathered SalesHistorically, builders have found themselves in situations where they enter into agreements of purchase and sale in respect of new homes and, subsequent to entering into the agreements, but prior to the close of the transactions, the government announces that the relevant provincial sales tax will be harmonized with the GST or that there will be an increase in the HST rate. Where such proposed HST changes are implemented prior to the close of the new home sales, the sales are generally relieved from either the provincial component of the HST, or the HST rate increase, as applicable ("").

RebateCurrently, builders are required to report certain information relating to Grandfathered Sales on their electronic GST/HST returns in cases where the purchaser was not entitled to a GST New Housing Rebate or a GST New Residential Rental Property Rebate (the ""). Failure to report this information on a return could result in the imposition of penalties against the builder.

Budget DayElectionTo simplify the reporting obligations of builders, Budget 2016 proposes to limit the information reporting requirements of builders to Grandfathered Sales with a purchase price of $450,000 or more (i.e., those sales with a purchase price that exceeds the threshold for receiving a Rebate). This measure will apply in respect of any reporting period that ends after March 22, 2016 (the ""). In addition, builders will also be permitted, for a limited period of time, to correct certain past reporting errors, by making an election (the "") that will apply to Grandfathered Sales that occurred before Budget Day and, in limited circumstances, after Budget Day. By making the Election, Budget 2016 gives builders the opportunity to correct past reporting errors relating to Grandfathered Sales of $450,000 or more without the imposition of penalties.

To correct past reporting errors, builders will generally have to make the Election and report the required information on a current GST/HST return for a reporting period ending on or after May 1, 2016 and before 2017. The required Election is to be completed on the prescribed form and filed with the Canada Revenue Agency on or after May 1, 2016, but no later than the due date for filing the GST/HST return for the particular reporting period. The Election will apply to Grandfathered Sales in respect of which the federal component of HST became payable on or after July 1, 2010, but before the end of the particular reporting period.

The foregoing provides only an overview and does not constitute legal advice. Readers are cautioned against making any decisions based on this material alone. Rather, specific legal advice should be obtained.

© McMillan LLP 2016

Mr Jamie Wilks

McMillan LLP

BCE Place, Suite 4400

Bay Wellington Tower

181 Bay Street

Toronto

Ontario

M5J 2T3

CANADA

Tel: 4168657000

Fax: 4168657048

E-mail: info@mcmbm.com

URL: www.mcmillan.ca

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2016 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com 

Document BBPUB00020160404ec44000py


Boost in overseas student loan repayments

504 words
3 April 2016
LiveNews.co.nz
LIVNEW
English
Copyright 2016. Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All Rights Reserved      

MIL OSI - Source: New Zealand Government - Press Release/Statement

Headline: Boost in overseas student loan repayments

Tertiary Education, Skills and Employment Minister Steven Joyce and Revenue Minister Michael Woodhouse have welcomed a further boost in repayments from overseas-based student loan borrowers.

Over the first two months of this year there was a 31 per cent increase in repayments by overseas based borrowers over the same period in 2015. In January and February this year $29.7 million was received from overseas-based borrowers, compared with $22.7 million in January and February last year.

There was increased communication from overseas-based borrowers as well. Emails to Inland Revenue were up 62 per cent over January and February and phone calls increased 55 per cent.

"There was definitely a much higher level of activity at the start of this year, with Inland Revenue receiving over 20,000 additional repayments compared with last year," Mr Joyce says. "February was also a record month for lump sum payments that cleared loans in full. More than $2.2 million was paid, clearing 103 loans outright."

"Inland Revenue believe that the publicity around the first arrest at the border has contributed to the increased activity. It's likely that a number of people were spurred into action. It's just a pity that it takes these sort of steps to encourage some people to meet their obligations to taxpayers so we can continue to support future generations of students."

"Around 20 people are currently being actively monitored by Inland Revenue for possible arrest when they return to New Zealand. Of the 112,390 overseas-based borrowers, 70 per cent are currently in default. Anyone with outstanding debt should contact Inland Revenue to organise a repayment plan, or if they're unable to make repayments they can apply for a hardship grant."

In the financial year to June 30th 2015, the net amount repaid by overseas borrowers totalled $184.7 million. Already this financial year repayments by overseas based borrowers have reached $133.8 million at the end of February.

The Government has been running an overseas-based borrower compliance initiative since late 2010. The programme uses a range of tools to target borrowers in default, and is on track to reach its current target of lifting payments by overseas-based borrowers by $100 million a year.

"From July this year we will have an information sharing agreement with the Australian Tax Office which will allow information on student loan borrowers living in Australia to be shared with Inland Revenue. The majority of overseas-based borrowers live in Australia and this new agreement will be a significant step forward in speeding up the repayment of the estimated $3.25 billion borrowed by those living offshore," Mr Woodhouse says.

"Inland Revenue will continue to target overseas-based borrowers who are in default and will use a range of methods to recover the money owed to New Zealand tax payers, including legal action when appropriate."

-

Document LIVNEW0020160404ec430001i




Canada
Morneau focuses on CPP expansion; Provincial consent may be difficult

Andy Blatchford 
The Canadian Press
504 words
29 March 2016
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
A4
English
© 2016 National Post . All Rights Reserved. 

With his first budget behind him, rookie Finance Minister Bill Morneau seems comfortable in his new surroundings - he's even quick to highlight the symbolism of the boardroom artwork at his department's headquarters. Morneau points to a series of framed pictures featuring etchings of $1 coins. The artist, he explains, flipped each of the loonies repeatedly to identify which might be considered the luckiest of the bunch. That coin, now encased, also hangs from the wall.

"So, that's the lucky loonie," Morneau said. "We thought that was an appropriate piece of art for the Finance Department." Just days after tabling his maiden budget, good fortune seemed to be on the former Toronto businessman's mind as he explained what his private-sector expertise brings to one of his next big tasks: enhancing the Canada Pension Plan.

One's ability to retire in dignity is often driven "partially by luck," said Morneau, who has advised Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne on pensions.

There's a role for government when someone in a private, defined-contribution plan - and who hasn't saved enough - happens to retire at a time when the stock market's down, he continued.

The Liberals repeated their support for strengthening the CPP in last week's budget, which noted the dangers of things like failing privatesector pension plans and the risk that healthier Canadians could outlive their savings.

Until last fall, Morneau was executive chairman of the human resources firm Morneau Shepell, a company that describes itself as Canada's largest provider of pension-administration technology and services.

Morneau said he hopes to eventually get some consensus on enhancing the CPP, a goal outlined in the government's election platform. Doing so would require the support of seven of the 10 provinces representing two-thirds of the country's population.

The provinces and territories are scheduled to reconvene in June to continue talks that began in December on the polarizing subject of CPP reform. The aim is to reach a collective decision by the end of the year. But it's still unclear how much support the Liberals will garner, even though the provinces agreed in December to continue discussing the subject. Wynne, for one, supports CPP expansion and plans to proceed with mandatory payroll deductions starting in 2018, for the new Ontario Retirement Pension Plan. That plan essentially mirrors the CPP for anyone who doesn't already have a workplace pension.

Other big provinces like Quebec and British Columbia remain unconvinced. Quebec already has a public pension plan and B.C. has expressed concerns about the country's fragile economy. Saskatchewan is opposed.

Sean Kilpatrick, The Canadian Press / Minister of Finance Bill Morneau is trying to get the provinces on board with CPP expansion.; Sean Kilpatrick, The Canadian Press / Minister of Finance Bill Morneau is trying to get the provinces on board with CPP expansion.    [NTNP_20160329_All_but_Toronto_A4_02_I001.jpg]; 

Document FINP000020160329ec3t0000k


Court Approves Settlement in Fifth Third Stock Drop Suit

Rebecca Moore      
504 words
24 March 2016
Plan Adviser
PLNADV
English
© 2016. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.      

The case reached the Supreme Court, and set new standards of pleading for lawsuits against retirement plans that hold on to company stock.

A federal district court has preliminarily approved a settlement in the case of Dudenhoeffer v. Fifth Third Bancorp. 

The settlement agreement calls for $6 million to be placed into an account to be distributed to all class members in the case, minus certain fees. 

In addition, the agreement calls for Fifth Third to make design changes to its retirement plan, including freezing the Fifth Third Stock Fund, so that no new money will be put into the fund. However, plan participants are allowed to transfer out of the fund if they wish. The recordkeeper of the plan will send an annual notice to participants that have more than 20% of their account invested in Fifth Third Stock Fund and educate them about the benefits of asset allocation and diversification. 

According to the settlement agreement, Fifth Third currently funds plan contributions in the form of cash (not shares) and agrees not to change this for at least the next eight years. The Fifth Third Bancorp Pension, Profit Sharing, and Medical Plan Committee members will receive annual fiduciary training, and Fifth Third agrees to increase this training to be conducted at least twice annually. 

NEXT: Long case history, ultimately achieving fame

The case was filed in 2008 when John Dudenhoefer, a Fifth Third employee, charged that the bank hid its true financial picture leading to its stock price to be artificially inflated. Then the stock suffered a major plunge in its share price when the company's financial problems were revealed. The suit alleges the bank's action caused the plan to lose millions of dollars.

In 2010, a federal judge in Ohio turned aside arguments that Fifth Third Bancorp committed a fiduciary breach when it continued to include company stock in its profit-sharing plan. Senior U.S. District Judge Sandra S. Beckwith of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio based her decision on the presumption of prudence established in a 1995 decision in Moench v. Robertson.

However, the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the decision, saying that the "legislative history combined with a natural and clear reading of Section 404 [of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)] [led] to the inexorable conclusion that ESOP fiduciaries are subject to the same fiduciary standards as any other fiduciary except to the extent that the standards require diversification of investments." 

The U.S. Supreme Courtagreed to rule on the presumption of prudence issue, and in June 2014, decided fiduciaries of employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs) are not entitled to any special presumption of prudence under ERISA. The high court's decision also set new standards of pleading for lawsuits against retirement plans that hold on to company stock, that have been used in many such lawsuits since the decision.



editors@assetinternational.com      

Document PLNADV0020160325ec3o00005




House backs down on bill to opt out of water supply rules

By RYAN VAN VELZER      
Associated Press
504 words
25 March 2016
05:18 AM
Associated Press Newswires
APRS
English
(c) 2016.    The Associated Press.    All Rights Reserved.      

PHOENIX (AP) - The House debated, but ultimately chose to delay a proposal Thursday that could clear the way for a Sierra Vista developer to build a new subdivision, regardless of it having an adequate water supply.

The legislation would help developer Castle & Cooke get around a lawsuit that's holding up the development of nearly 7,000 homes in Sierra Vista, but opponents on both sides of the aisle say it could also unravel Arizona's carefully crafted water policy.

The stiff resistance led Republican Rep. Brenda Barton of Payson, who carried the bill for sponsor Sen. Gail Griffin, R-Hereford, to withhold the measure before a vote could take place. The legislation could still come back however.

The bill would allow some cities in Cochise and Yuma counties to opt out of rules that require them to have at least a 100-years' worth of water.

Republicans were divided on the issue during debate.

Reps. Rusty Bowers of Mesa and Noel Campbell of Prescott expressed unease with the measure they say could set a precedent endangering future water supplies.

"I think it's bad policy to allow cities to opt out of county ordinances with an adequate supply of water," Campbell said.

Campbell was referencing a 2007 law that allows county supervisors in rural areas outside of active water management areas to adopt rules requiring new subdivisions to have a 100-year water supply. Cochise and Yuma counties, and the towns of Clarkdale and Patagonia have adopted the rules.

But Rep. Karen Fann, R-Prescott, defended Griffin's measure, which she and other Republican supporters say is a jurisdictional issue.

"If we allow counties, cities and towns to start enacting their own water laws over and above state regulations there could be some serious unintended consequences," Fann said.

The lawsuit is the result of the U.S. Bureau of Land management suing the Arizona Department of Water Resources for issuing a 100-year water supply guarantee to the Castle & Cooke using water resources that the Bureau of Land Management claims is part of a federally protected conservation area along the San Pedro River.

Maricopa County Superior Court ruled against the Arizona Department of Water Resources, but it has since appealed leaving the water rights issue hanging.

While the developer may still be able to build if the law passes, water for future residents will depend on the result of the lawsuit, said Kathleen Ferris, a senior fellow for Morrison institute's Kyle Center for water policy.

"It is in everybody's best interest to find connection to surface and ground water, rather than let people move in and find their ground water supplies are cut off," she said.

A second bill, Senate Bill 1400, would let water adequacy ordinances expire after two years and require a unanimous vote by the board of county supervisors to renew the ordinance for another five years.

Document APRS000020160324ec3o006yp


News
NDP outline $40M plan to help students

Joyanne Pursaga      
Winnipeg Sun
504 words
22 March 2016
The Winnipeg Sun
WPGSUN
Final
A4
English
Copyright © 2016 The Winnipeg Sun      

What's better than a student loan? One you never have to pay off. The Manitoba NDP are attempting to win high marks with student voters with a campaign pledge to convert student loans to grants.

The NDP stressed their campaign pledge isn't a mere copy of a previous Manitoba Liberal one, however, because it sets fewer limits on who can get a grant. If elected, the NDP also plans to spend four times as much on its overall post-secondary supports than its Liberal competition.

"We want to remove barriers to post-secondary education," said NDP leader Greg Selinger. "We're going to take student loans and convert them to grants right upfront. So that will make a huge difference for young people." The NDP promise to devote $40 million per year to reduce the cost of post-secondary education, which also includes doubling the Manitoba Scholarship and Bursary Initiative from $4.5 million to $9 million and extending free tuition to students who've been in the care of Child and Family Services up to age 25. The latter benefi t currently ends at age 21.

Back in the fall, the Manitoba Liberals promised $10 million per year to convert the provincial student loans into non-repayable grants. But those who fail courses or drop out of school would have to repay their loans and the benefit was limited to loans started in 2016/17.

Student per formance wouldn't be considered in the NDP pledge and existing loans would be eligible, Selinger said.

Michael Barkman, Manitoba chair of the Canadian Federation of Students, believes the NDP's "upfront" benefit would entice students to study and work in Manitoba.

"Investments in education (are) so critical to our economy. Over 70 to 80% of jobs require some sort of post-secondary education," said Barkman.

Barkman estimates the average student debt is around $19,000.

In an email, Liberal leader Rana Bokhari accused the NDP of flip-flopping to copy her previous campaign pledge.

"It's nice to see the premier coming around on an idea he was so critical of when we presented it last November, and until last week lied to the public saying it was too expensive," wrote Bokhari.

A taxpayers' watchdog, however, believes both plans are flawed because they haven't yet been paired with equivalent cuts to other government spending.

And with the province's summary deficit expected to hit $773 million this year, pricey election promises just aren't realistic, said Todd MacKay, prairie director of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation.

"Right now, we're borrowing money. If you increase spending dramatically, ultimately, those students will pay that bill," said MacKay. "They can pay it now or later through taxes with interest on top of it."

jpursaga@postmedia.com Twitter: @pursagawpgsun

Brian Donogh, Winnipeg Sun / NDP leader Greg Selinger announces a plan to make post secondary education more affordable during a press conference Monday.;      

Document WPGSUN0020160322ec3m0000m




YourMoney
Find a circuit-breaker from shock of power bills

SOPHIE ELSWORTH      
504 words
21 March 2016
Herald-Sun
HERSUN
HeraldSun
28
English
© 2016 News Limited. All rights reserved.      

SOARING energy bills have prompted utility companies to roll out a range of payment options and innovative plans to help ease the burden on household budgets.

Consumers were slugged with increases of up to 61 per cent between 2008 and 2014 on their energy costs, according to Australian Bureau of Statistics data, despite a 7 per cent fall in household consumption.

So providers are devising ways to reduce the shock of big bills, such as locked-in energy contracts resembling fixed-rate home loan deals.

Energy giant Origin rolled out the concept to existing customers earlier this month, allowing an agreed amount to be set between the retailer and consumer - so that the customer pays the same amount each fortnight or month regardless of how much energy they use.

We've asked the experts what are some of the key options available to customers to help cope with utility bill pain.

BILL SMOOTHING This type of payment helps reduce the impact when bill time comes, by following a forecast of how much energy you will use, says financial comparison website comparethemarket. com.au's Abigail Koch.

"It involves spreading the estimated total cost of your energy bills for the next year across equal instalments," she says.

"This means you'll avoid bill shock altogether as you pay the same amount each month." Usually the retailer will keep an eye on your usage and they'll make adjustments to your payments if needed, which includes whether you've paid not enough or too much.

PAY ON TIME OR DIRECT DEBIT This can be one of the easiest ways to save, with many retailers including online operator Click Energy offering customers discounts for electronic on-time payments.

Some retailers also give a small percentage off if you hand over your direct debit details to ensure payment is made promptly.

Origin spokesman Stuart Osbourne says the regular timing of direct debit payments allows consumers to know exactly when they will have to pay their bills.

"People can use direct debit to align (payments) with their pay cycle. The fortnightly option of this is quite popular," he says.

Koch suggests opting for a more frequent billing cycle to help you keep on top of your bills. "If you're struggling to cope with massive quarterly bills, then you should ask your energy retailer if you can pay on a monthly or fortnightly basis instead," she says.

PAYMENT EXTENSIONS Some retailers offer customers automated payment extensions - often of about two weeks from the bill's due date.

By phoning the retailer and asking for more time, you can sometimes be given the green light for an extension at no charge.

PAPER BILLS The rising costs of printing and posting bills by snail mail has prompted retailers to encourage consumers to receive bills electronically.Osbourne says many customers have instead turned to e-billing, which allows them to receive bills in their email inboxes and avoid the charges.

Document HERSUN0020160320ec3l0008s




Retail & Leisure
BHS on knife edge ahead of crucial vote

Oliver Shah      
504 words
20 March 2016
10:01 AM
sundaytimes.co.uk
SUNDTI
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2016      

Landlords hold key to ailing chain's future after pensions lifeboat decides not to take part in ballot of creditors

BHS'S biggest creditor plans to abstain from a crucial restructuring vote this week, leaving the struggling department store chain's future on a knife edge.

It is understood the state-backed Pension Protection Fund (PPF), which is rescuing BHS's 20,000 savers, intends to hold back from voting on a controversial insolvency proposal on Wednesday. BHS is trying to push through a company voluntary arrangement (CVA) that would cut the rents on more than half its 164 stores and give it the option to close 40 after a period.

BHS needs the approval of 75% of its creditors to proceed with the plan. Without a deal, it has warned it is "very likely" to go into administration, putting 11,000 jobs at risk.

The PPF, which is backed by the government and funded by a levy on the retirement schemes of blue-chip companies, such as BP, is in the process of absorbing BHS's two pension funds. They have a combined deficit of £571m on a "buyout" basis, which is the cost of transferring them to an insurer. That makes the pensions lifeboat BHS's largest creditor by far.

A source close to the situation said there was a "reasonable prospect" the PPF would abstain from the vote "and let the landlords, who it actually affects, say yes or no".

The move would put BHS's future in the hands of its landlords, lenders and suppliers. KPMG, the accountancy firm handling the process, counts only "yes" or "no" votes, meaning the department store chain needs the support of three-quarters of those who turn out.

Landlords are torn on the CVA plan. One said an administration would be "less palatable than a stay of execution, which may well be what this turns out to be".

Controversy has grown since Sir Philip Green's Arcadia sold BHS for £1 to a little-known consortium called Retail Acquisitions last year. The transaction passed the company's huge pension deficit to owners with no retail experience. Dominic Chappell, Retail Acquisitions's leader, is a former racing driver and two-time bankrupt.

About 13,000 current and former BHS staff below retirement age face cuts of at least 10% to their benefits as a result of the PPF bailout.

The Pensions Regulator is now pursuing Green for a contribution to the company's gaping pension deficit.

The Monaco-based tycoon, who paid more than £400m of dividends from BHS to his family during his 15-year ownership, has so far offered £80m to plug the gap. His offer comprises £40m in cash and £40m in the form of a charge held by Arcadia over BHS's assets.

It is understood that Green could be asked to pay more than three times that sum. Talks with the regulator and the PPF are continuing.

Document SUNDTI0020160320ec3k00077




Money
7 alternative Easter gift ideas for the whole family that won't break the bank

By Chantelle Symester      
504 words
15 March 2016
10:20 PM
mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2016 Mirror Group Ltd      

Bored of chocolate? Take a look at our top alternative gift ideas on a budget, from flowers to crafts and novelty gifts

If you want to buy your loved one an Easter gift that isn't chocolate this year, you've come to the right place.

We've rounded up the top alternative gift ideas for those on a tight budget, we've spotted deals on cheap spring flower bouquets, novelty gifts and discounted tickets for family fun days out.

So whatever you're looking for check out our little list of inspired gifts to suit all ages below.

Read more: Everything you need to know about Easter 2016

Treat a little one to this set of classic Peter Rabbit books they love reading over and over again.

The 10-book set by Beatrix Potter is now £12.99 (RRP £35) in The Works sale and features beautiful illustrations of all the fun tales and adventures.

You can currently save up to 30% off selected items in the White company's mid-season sale and this fresh and fruity white pompelmo candle is included in the discounts.

Smell the revitalising zing of spring every time you light it - who needs chocolate after all.

Instead of letting the kids fill up on chocolate over Easter why not keep your little ones quiet for a couple of hours with a crafty fun gift?

They'll love being creative and decorating this Easter bunny painting kit, £4, from The Works eBay store.

Brighten up someone's Easter with some pretty spring flowers or plant gift set.

Flower specialist Bunches is offering customers 10% off online orders - just use the BUNMAR16 discount code by 1 April 2016.

Forgo material gifts and chocolate altogether this Easter and opt for some family bonding instead with a family trip to the Shard.

Book with Buyagift.com and save 26% off a family ticket for two adults and two kids or one adult and three kids during the Easter holidays.

The £79.95 ticket will grant you access to the 244m high building (the tallest building in Europe) where you'll be able to take in panoramic views of the capital.

This one is strictly for the adults - if you know someone who likes a tipple why not give them a bottle of Moet and Chandon this Easter?

Sainsbury's are currently offering the premium fizz for £25 - saving you £10 off the normal price. Or if you're feeling flush buy six or more bottles and you'll save 25% off your order.

If you or someone you love prefer real eggs over the chocolate kind we're accustom to over Easter this gift will be much appreciated.

The novelty soldier egg cup and toast cutter gift set from Tesco Direct will definitely put a smile on someone's face each morning - and it won't break the bank either.

Easter 2016

Document MIRUK00020160315ec3f002sc




Judge rules

Beth Healy; Beth Healy 
504 words
9 March 2016
The Boston Globe
BSTNGB
English
© 2016 The Boston Globe. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

The judge said a 2013 amendment to the state's public records law by the Legislature applies to the T pension fund. Under that rule, any entity that receives or spends public money for the payment of pensions to employees of the state or a "political subdivision" such as the MBTA must comply, [Kenneth W. Salinger] said.

He said there is a "strong public interest" in obtaining information about the fund, which covers about 12,000 current and former workers, "because any funding shortfall could lead to pressure to increase the public funding of the plan," even if there is no contractual obligation to do so.

A Massachusetts Superior Court judge ruled Wednesday that the records of the MBTA pension fund should be public because the system receives tens of millions of dollars in taxpayer funding from the transit authority.

A Massachusetts Superior Court judge ruled Wednesday that the records of the MBTA pension fund should be public because the system receives tens of millions of dollars in taxpayer funding from the transit authority.

The decision, by Judge Kenneth W. Salinger in Suffolk Superior Court, concluded that "the Board does indeed receive public funds from the MBTA, and thus that the Board's records are now subject to mandatory disclosure under the public records law."

From 2009 to 2013, the MBTA contributed $252.9 million to the retirement fund.

The ruling could end decades of secrecy by the $1.6 billion retirement system for transportation workers, which has shielded its records because it says it is a private trust.

The judge said a 2013 amendment to the state's public records law by the Legislature applies to the T pension fund. Under that rule, any entity that receives or spends public money for the payment of pensions to employees of the state or a "political subdivision" such as the MBTA must comply, Salinger said.

He said there is a "strong public interest" in obtaining information about the fund, which covers about 12,000 current and former workers, "because any funding shortfall could lead to pressure to increase the public funding of the plan," even if there is no contractual obligation to do so.

Carl Valvo, the lawyer for the T pension fund, was not available for comment. An MBTA pension fund spokesman declined to comment on the decision.

The judge is planning to hold a status conference, at which the T could raise additional "constitutional" claims. The pension fund also could appeal the decision.

The ruling comes more than two years after the Globe unsuccessfully sought records in December 2013 related to a $25 million hedge fund loss that the pension fund failed to disclose.

The newspaper sued the MBTA pension fund for the records after the state's supervisor of public records said the 2013 amendment did not apply to the T retirement fund.

Beth Healy can be reached at beth.healy@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @HealyBeth.

Credit: By Beth Healy Globe Staff

Document BSTNGB0020161111ec3900dmo


News
Hospital foundation information to be inserted in April water bills

504 words
24 February 2016
Carleton Place Almonte Canadian Gazette
CPAC
Final
1
English
Copyright 2016. Metroland Media Group Ltd. Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction or distribution is prohibited without permission. All Rights Reserved.      

Information regarding the Carleton Place & District Memorial Hospital (CPDMH) Foundation will be included in the town's April water bills.

The move follows a decision by the community issues committee on Feb. 16.

In an interview with the Canadian Gazette on Feb. 19, the foundation's acting manager of fundraising, Rosemary Jones said the reasoning behind the one-page insert is twofold: increase donations and visibility.

"A key part of our strategic plan over the next number of years is to absolutely grow our donor base," Jones continued, "and to ensure the foundation is in front of the hospital's catchment area."

Often this is accomplished by way of direct and bulk mailings.

"However, for direct mailing you need those addresses," Jones said.

"Often what people get from charities is bulk mail, which is very expensive," she added.

The acting manager of fundraising, thinking about how she could "get information about the foundation into the mailboxes of people we don't already know about," the town came to mind.

Jones sent an initial email to chief administrative officer (CAO) Paul Knowles, introducing herself and giving him the rationale behind her thinking.

"It's not all about chasing dollars," she said. "It's as much about profile and recognition, as well as (promoting) the good work done by the Carleton Place & District Memorial Hospital."

Jones was very clear with Knowles.

"I told him I recognized there are a number of very worthy charities that would want to take part in a process like this," she said.

"However, the hospital affects and impacts everyone in our community," Jones continued, "and I felt this gave us an advantage...a reason for us to be considered."

Monies raised by way of the foundation will go towards the purchase of vital patient care equipment the hospital requires to maintain and enhance the excellent standards of care they currently provide to the community.

After a follow-up email to Knowles, Jones learned the matter would be coming before council, and she is completely thrilled with the community issues committee's decision.

"It was great news!" Jones told this newspaper, "and the next day (treasurer) Phil Hogan call me to tell me what he requires."

March 11 is the foundation's deadline to provide material for its one-page insert.

Approximately 4,600 water bills are mailed out in Carleton Place, with many going to landlords and businesses. A number of residents have wells and don't receive a water bill.

"This is a wonderful relationship builder between the foundation and the town," Jones pointed out, "and we appreciate everything the town does for the foundation."

The community issues committee also voted to create a set policy for dealing with these types of requests in the future.

"I find it extraordinary how generous Carleton Place truly is: people and municipality," Jones said.

She also highlighted the incredible support of Beckwith.

Coun. Theresa Fritz chairs the CPDMH Foundation board.

Document CPAC000020160226ec2o00007




New LIMRA Secure Retirement Institute Study Reveals Majority of Workers Save Only Enough to Equal Employer Match

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
24 February 2016
India Insurance News
ATINNW
English
Copyright © 2016 Contify.com      

Feb. 24 -- New research from LIMRA Secure Retirement Institute reveals that workers from for-profit and not-for-profit organizations will save only enough in their defined contribution (DC) plan to receive the full company match.

"The study demonstrates the powerful incentive a company match can have on employee behavior," said Michael Ericson, LIMRA Secure Retirement Institute analyst. "Institute research shows nearly half of American workers believe they are not saving enough for retirement and 4 in 10 working households have less than $25,000 saved for retirement. Plan providers can help employers increase their employee's savings behavior by recommending a stretch match strategy, which would require an employee to save a higher percentage to attain the full company match." (chart): (http://www.limra.com/uploadedImages/limra.com/LIMRA_Root/Posts/PR/_Media/Images/2016-02-Stretch-Match.jpg?)

The study, which compared workers from not-for-profit and for-profit companies, found only 4 in 10 workers (both NFP and FP) consider themselves "savers." And of those who have access to a DC plan, 20 percent were not contributing to their employer's DC plan at all. For profit workers who don't contribute to their workplace defined contribution plan were more likely to say they cannot afford to do so or they have competing saving priorities, compared with not-for-profit workers (67 percent vs. 53 percent).

Institute researchers found more than a third of Millennial workers in both the not-for-profit and for-profit sectors are saving 10 percent or more (34 percent and 35 percent respectively). Only 27 percent of Boomers and 28 percent of Gen X not-for-profit workers are saving at that rate. In the for-profit sector, Boomers and Gen X workers save a bit more than their Millennial counterparts-36 percent of Boomers and 35 percent of Gen X workers are saving 10 percent or more in their retirement plans.

Even with robust saving habits, pre-retirees surveyed have no plan on how they will withdraw the assets from their DC plans once they retire-just one third have calculated their savings and expenses in retirement. The study found nearly half of pre-retirees said they plan to withdraw 9 percent or more of their assets each year in retirement. Most financial experts recommend drawing no more than 4 percent a year and in low-interest rate environments, maybe less.

"With longevity at an all-time high, retirement can last more than three decades," said Ericson. "Understanding how to safely draw down savings becomes critically important for retirees. Not-for-profit workers are more likely to have a pension income along with their DC plan, but most for-profit workers will not have one."

Ericson said professional advice can be helpful to both types of workers. The key is to understand the unique challenges and obstacles each group is facing.

Source: Limra

Document ATINNW0020160225ec2o00003




Economy
Canadians without company pension plan face uphill battle to stay out of poverty, study finds

Cameron Axford      
504 words
16 February 2016
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2016 Postmedia Breaking News      

Many aging Canadians do not have nearly enough saved up for retirement, a new study from the Broadbent Institute suggests.

Canadians without an employee pension represent 47 per cent of those aged 55-64 in the country. A mere 15-20 per cent in this group are middle-class with enough savings to comfortably retire in 10 years. The study says anyone outside this bracket will have a hard time building up their assets to avoid poverty, even with a decade to save.

The study, penned by Richard Shillington, focuses on the levels of income provided by Old Age Security and Guaranteed Income Supplement relative to personal savings. The finding is that these benefits are not adequate to keep the retired from falling into poverty.

Related

How Canadian snowbirds are feeling the pinch of a falling loonie: 'There are no deals anymore'( http://business.financialpost.com/personal-finance/retirement/how-canadian-snowbirds-are-feeling-the-pinch-of-a-falling-loonie-we-lost-a-lot-of-dollars )

Why you shouldn't rely on postponing retirement if you haven't saved enough( http://business.financialpost.com/personal-finance/retirement/rrsp/why-you-shouldnt-rely-on-postponing-retirement-if-you-havent-saved-enough )

Why you should save less for retirement, and spend your money now (seriously)( http://business.financialpost.com/fp-comment/why-you-should-save-less-for-retirement-and-spend-your-money-now-seriously )

"The panoply of public policies offering 'voluntary' options for saving - such as RRSPs, TFSAs, group RPPs, and the most recent Pool Registration Pension Plans - have demonstrated their inadequacy to address the shortcomings in declining workplace pensions and a Canada Pension Plan with limited benefits," the study concludes.

The senior poverty gap stands at $2.5 billion annually. The study warns of levels getting worse if the issue of retirement savings isn't addressed.

"This new data on retirement savings and gaps in support makes one thing perfectly clear - we have a retirement income crisis on our hands that requires urgent government action now," said Rick Smith, Executive Director of the Broadbent Institute.

The value of retirement assets for those without employee pension are shockingly low. Canadians making $20,000-$50,000 have an average of $250 saved for their golden years. Half of the demographic has less than half a year's income saved. The average single senior falls $5,600 below the poverty line, with a median income of under $20,000.

The study says Ottawa's proposed 10 per cent GIS increase could have the minor impact of alleviating senior poverty by 12 per cent. This would still leave some 634,000 retirees impoverished.

"Our new study shows now isn't the time for Ottawa and the provinces to punt on expanding CPP," said Smith. "In fact, we need federal leadership to make this happen. Boosting the GIS by 10 per cent for single seniors is a start but not nearly enough."

Document CWNS000020160216ec2g0056d




Hundreds rally against student debt, call for elimination of tuition fees

Jeff Bell      
504 words
3 February 2016
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2016 Postmedia Breaking News      

About 350 people with rallying cries like "Christy Clark, you're a loan shark" took part in a protest against student debt at the legislature Wednesday.

The protesters walked down Government Street from Centennial Square to get to the legislature grounds, where Brontë Renwick-Shields recounted how she had accumulated $30,000 in debt during her time so far at the University of Victoria.

The fourth-year political science major, who chairs the UVic Students' Society, said her debt has grown even though she is working full time for the students' society and takes on up to three jobs during the summer break.

"I've still got another year of education to go, so by the time I finish I imagine I'll be around $35,000 in debt, which is the average in B.C.," she said.

Renwick-Shields said she estimates her student-loan payments will be about $700 a month when she graduates - higher than her rent of $575 a month. On top of that, she said, graduates have to contend with a youth unemployment rate of 13 per cent (which includes those up to age 24) and an "underemployment" rate - not finding work in line with their education - of 27 per cent.

"Students are graduating with debt and they're not able to get into jobs where they can pay that debt back," Renwick-Shields said.

She said things look to be even tougher in the future.

"Our generation is the most indebted in history," she said. "And as bad as it is for us, when our little brothers and sisters head into the post-secondary system, it will be much worse."

Renwick-Shields said the province should bring in an immediate tuition fee freeze, increase core funding for education and gradually eliminate tuition fees over the next 10 years. She said tuition is free in more than 30 countries around the world.

Advanced Education Minister Andrew Wilkinson countered in a statement that post-secondary education in B.C. is affordable "for students, families and taxpayers."

Wilkinson said that about 70 per cent of eligible students in the public post-secondary system do not make use of loans from the B.C. government. "According to a 2014 survey by B.C. Stats, graduates who accessed interest-free government student loans throughout their studies had a median debt of $20,000."

Wilkinson said Statistics Canada figures put the average annual undergraduate tuition in B.C. as the fourth lowest in the country at $5,305. He said that has increased 12 per cent since 2004-05, and annual tuition increases have been capped at two per cent since 2005.

Financial assistance was given to about 61,000 full-time students last year, Wilkinson said.

"For students who do access government financial services, there are a range of supports and programs in place to help them reduce their debt faster."

jwbell@timescolonist.com( mailto:jwbell@timescolonist.com )

Document CWNS000020160204ec23002bg




Football and cricket face ASC funding cuts unless Matildas and Southern Stars afforded same travel standards as men

504 words
3 February 2016
Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) News
ABCNEW
English
(c) 2016 Australian Broadcasting Corporation      

Football and cricket are among several sports facing government funding cuts unless they offer their women's teams the same travel standards as their male counterparts.

The Australian Sports Commission and unless they adopted gender-neutral travel policies.

The Professional Footballers Association (PFA) said the Socceroos were guaranteed business-class travel, while the women's team, the Matildas, travel in economy.

The Socceroos are also guaranteed the most direct route to their destination and five-star accommodation. The Collective Bargaining Agreement between the Football Federation Australia (FFA) and the Matildas includes a clause that the FFA will work with "best endeavours" to provide parity.

Cricket Australia (CA) has also acknowledged it does not provide the same travel standards to its men's and women's teams, but said it was committed to resolving the issue.

Former Matildas captain Kathryn Gill said a change was long overdue.

"It needed to happen a long time ago and I'm grateful there is a bit of conversation towards that way," Gill said in regard to the proposed enforced changes.

"I think there needs to be a bit of cultural shift in the way that the women are embraced especially.

"They need to be seen as more key stakeholders in the game and work more with the professional sporting bodies and the government to enforce those kind of practices."

Gill said the profile of women's sport had grown over the past year, and female elite athletes need to be treated as such.

"When you come in you are quite bright-eyed and just grateful to be wearing the jersey, but then you think 'hang on a minute, I am an elite athlete, I am making sacrifices and it would be nice to be afforded the same privileges that I see my male counterparts receiving," she said.

Unaffordability a 'cop-out' says Gill

Gill said it was not good enough for the FFA and equivalent bodies to say they could not afford to offer women the same benefits as the men.

"I don't think that is a good enough answer any more," Gill said.

"I think there are smarter ways that you can do it, and you can be more strategic in your approach. That's a bit of a cop-out really."

CA said it was working on a number of methods to professionalise the women's game.

"These include increasing pay for domestic cricketers and providing greater on and off-field opportunities for our players through initiatives such as the Women's Big Bash League," a CA spokesperson said.

"Addressing discrepancies between the class of air travel for male and female cricketers is another important issue that we are committed to resolving."

In 2012, Basketball Australia was heavily criticised when it was revealed the more successful female team, the Opals, travelled in economy class to the London Olympics, while the men's team, the Boomers, flew business.

Document ABCNEW0020160203ec230005p




MBTA pension inquiry firm seeking Markopolos-Williams report

Beth Healy 
504 words
1 February 2016
The Boston Globe
BSTNGB
English
© 2016 The Boston Globe. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

The firm hired by the MBTA pension fund board to conduct an independent review of the fund's financial and investment records is interviewing staff and service providers, and seeking a copy of a critical report co-authored by Wall Street whistleblower Harry Markopolos, according to a letter obtained by the Globe.

According to a Jan. 29 letter to Markopolos, FTI is interviewing relevant pension staff, management, and service providers to the retirement fund. The firm also is looking to get a copy of the report by Markopolos and Boston University finance professor Mark Williams, and to speak with them.

According to a Jan. 29 letter to Markopolos, FTI is interviewing relevant pension staff, management, and service providers to the retirement fund.

The firm hired by the MBTA pension fund board to conduct an independent review of the fund's financial and investment records is interviewing staff and service providers, and seeking a copy of a critical report co-authored by Wall Street whistleblower Harry Markopolos, according to a letter obtained by the Globe.

FTI Consulting Inc. was hired in December in response to a report last summer that said the $1.6 billion T pension fund may be overstating its assets by as much as $470 million.

According to a Jan. 29 letter to Markopolos, FTI is interviewing relevant pension staff, management, and service providers to the retirement fund. The firm also is looking to get a copy of the report by Markopolos and Boston University finance professor Mark Williams, and to speak with them.

John Sullivan, a senior managing director in FTI's Forensic Litigation Consulting group, asked Markopolos in the letter if he could speak with him by Feb. 19.

Markopolos and Williams last June presented their findings to members of the FBI, the Securities and Exchange Commission and other authorities. The authors have so far declined to provide the report to T pension officials, so as not to hamper any regulatory investigations.

Under Massachusetts law, the pension fund is organized as a private trust, and not required to follow the disclosure or ethics rules of other funds for public workers. The pension board also does not hold public meetings, and trustees have long been discouraged from talking to reporters, including three new members appointed by Governor Charlie Baker.

A spokesman for the pension fund, Steve Crawford, in a statement said, "FTI was hired by the Board of Trustees to conduct a thorough and independent review. The review began in December and is expected to be completed in February. The fund's management and staff are cooperating fully."

A spokeswoman for FTI did not respond to a request for comment.

The release of the pension fund's 2014 annual report -- 13 months after the end of the reporting period -- has been delayed while the internal review is conducted.

Beth Healy can be reached at beth.healy@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @HealyBeth.

Credit: By Beth Healy Globe Staff

Document BSTNGB0020161111ec21008w2




Mortgages & Real Estate
Forget the $1 million Toronto home, it's the $5 million market that's on fire

Garry Marr      
504 words
1 February 2016
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2016 Postmedia Breaking News      

A Toronto realtor says in a new study out Monday that $5 million home sales are taking off across the city, aided by international buyers.

Real estate prices in the city made headlines in 2015 when the average sale price of a detached home crossed $1 million, but Barry Cohen, a luxury realtor in Toronto, says keep an eye on those $5 million homes. He said 77 units sold for $5 million or more last year - a 108 per cent increase from 2014 when there were only 37 sales in that price range.

The dollar value of all those luxury sales crossed $500 million in 2015.

"Tight market conditions prevailed throughout much of the year, with fewer ultra high-end listings coming to market overall, particularly in prestigious enclaves south of the 401," said the Re/Max broker, referring to the major highway that cuts east-west across the city. "Pent-up demand is expected to carry over into 2016, with affluent purchasers waiting patiently in the wings for the right product."

Related

'It's the new Waterloo': How the rise of Silicon Valley North is fuelling another Canadian condo boom( http://business.financialpost.com/personal-finance/mortgages-real-estate/its-the-new-waterloo-how-the-rise-of-silicon-valley-north-is-fuelling-another-canadian-condo-boom )

How to use your RRSP to invest in real estate( http://business.financialpost.com/personal-finance/managing-wealth/how-to-use-your-rrsp-to-invest-in-real-estate )

Vancouver ranks third most unaffordable housing market in study, worse than New York and London( http://business.financialpost.com/personal-finance/mortgages-real-estate/vancouver-ranked-third-most-unaffordable-housing-market-in-world-worse-than-new-york-and-london )

Most of the sales over $5 million were in the 416 area code, with Bridle Path and Sunnybrook area reporting 43 per cent of the high-end sales. Sixteen per cent of sales came from Forest Hill South.

Listings were scarce in other upscale neighbourhoods closer to the city's core such as Rosedale, Moore Park, Forest Hill, Annex, and South Hill.

Cohen said the luxury end of the market usually softens first in volatile economic times but gyrations in the stock market might be sending a message to the ultra wealthy to look at real estate again. The strong U.S. dollar and weak loonie is expected to bolster demand as international buyers take advantage of the exchange rate.

"While purchasers, for the most part, were local entrepreneurs, business executives, and professionals, foreign investors also factored into the mix in 2015," said Cohen. "Buyers from Mainland China, in particular, should play an even greater role in the top end of the GTA's luxury market in the next six to 12 months, based on the upward trajectory of the US dollar."

gmarr@nationalpost.com( mailto:gmarr@nationalpost.com )

twitter.com/dustywallet( http://twitter.com/dustywallet )

Document CWNS000020160201ec21004mx




Leading IRA Provider, The Entrust Group Releases 2015 Growth Results

504 words
27 January 2016
04:11 AM
PR Newswire (U.S.)
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2016    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved.      


Industry pioneer solidifies leadership position by providing more resources to investors and advisors 
 

OAKLAND, Calif., Jan. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Entrust Group, Inc., a pioneer and leading provider in the self-directed IRA industry, announces its top accomplishments for the 2015 fiscal year.

Double-digit growth in transaction volumes: Entrust's assets under administration grew more than 10% and overall transaction volume increased by 17%. Real estate transactions led the curve, increasing 21% over 2014. Transaction volume in precious metals increased 13% and transactions in other alternative investments grew by 18%.

New Ways of Serving Investors: The opening of two new offices in New Jersey and North Carolina underscores Entrust's commitment to providing one-on-one personalized services and dedicated points of contact to self-directed investors and professionals.

The Entrust Group also expanded online client access through an enhanced client portal. It gives clients greater insight into the details of their IRAs and their myDirection Visa(R) Prepaid Cards.

"We continue to address the need of our self-directed clients by making it easier for them to access all of their accounts via a single sign-on to assess account performance, while providing them the highest level of security," said Hubert Bromma, founder and CEO of The Entrust Group.

IRS Approved Continued Education Provider: The Entrust Group was approved by the IRS to offer continuing education (CE) to enrolled agents and enrolled retirement plan agents. Entrust also is approved to deliver CE courses to realtors in California, Missouri, New Jersey, and Florida, as well as CE to Certified Public Accountants (CPAs) and Certified Finance Professionals (CFPs), nationally.

The Entrust Group IRA Academy, an educational program approved by the Institute of Certified Bankers, delivered four courses for Certified IRA Services Professionals (CISP) to other self-directed IRA providers.

"With 78 million baby boomers reaching retirement age, it is essential for financial organizations to be prepared to answer questions for individuals who want to make informed decisions as they steward their hard-earned retirement savings. We are committed to helping financial organizations and professionals increase their knowledge in IRAs," said John Paul Ruiz, Director of Professional Development.

About The Entrust Group, Inc.

For over 34 years, The Entrust Group has provided account administration services for self-directed retirement plans and has been an acknowledged authority in the field. With locations throughout the US, Entrust's team of professionals are regularly examined to ensure compliance with current state and federal banking requirements, and keep up-to-date by participating in ongoing educational programs to ensure that they share the most accurate information with clients. For more information about The Entrust Group, or self-directed IRAs, please visit www.theentrustgroup.com.

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160125/325712LOGO

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leading-ira-provider-the-entrust-group-releases-2015-growth-results-300209389.html

SOURCE The Entrust Group

Web site: http://www.theentrustgroup.com

Document PRN0000020160126ec1q000ie




Money
Housing 'severely unaffordable' as Sydney price to income ratio worsens

Melissa Davey      
504 words
25 January 2016
01:46 PM
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2016.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved.      

Sydney second least affordable after Hong Kong in survey of housing in major metropolitan markets across the world

Housing in Australia has been categorised as "severely unaffordable" compared with metropolitan markets around the world, a comprehensive survey has found.

Of 10 major metropolitan markets assessed in the housing affordability survey, Hong Kong had the least affordable housing for the sixth year in a row, followed by Sydney.

Sydney replaced Vancouver as the second least affordable major market thanks to a surge in its housing price to income ratio, the largest increase by any market in the 12-year history of the survey, which is undertaken each year by the urban planning research agency Demographia.

Related: How Australian households became the most indebted in the world

Vancouver was third, while there was a three-way tie for the fourth least affordable middle-income housing between Auckland, Melbourne and San Jose.

"Auckland's loss in housing affordability, like that of Sydney, was huge," said the report, which was published on Monday.

"Each of the severely unaffordable major markets was characterised by more restrictive land use regulation, almost all with urban containment boundaries or variations."

In Sydney the median household income was $84,600 compared with a median house price of $1,032,000, while, in Melbourne, the median income was $75,600 compared with a median house price of $730,000. The Perth, Adelaide and Brisbane property markets were also in the top 20 least affordable.

In his introduction to the report, the businessman and Family First senator Bob Day wrote that, for more than 100 years, the average Australian family had been able to buy its first home on one wage.

"The median house price was around three times the median income, allowing young home buyers easy entry into the housing market," he wrote.

"The median house price has increased, in real terms, by more than 300%. The economic consequences of this change have been devastating. New home owners pay a much higher percentage of their income on house payments than they should. Similarly, renters are paying increased rental costs reflective of the higher capital and financing costs in turn paid by landlords."

Related: Melbourne house rents hit record high as agents report high demand

Housing affordability had deteriorated across Australia, New Zealand and the UK "virtually without regard to market size or demand", he wrote.

Of the 367 markets assessed, there were 89 affordable markets; 75 in the US, nine in Canada, three in Ireland and two in Australia, both in Western Australia.

The most affordable Australian markets were in Karratha, where the median household income is $174,800 and the median house price is $440,000, and in Kalgoorlie, where the median income is $120,000 compared with a house price of $350,000.

The survey follows the release of a report from the Tenants Union of Victoria on Sunday that found 35% of Melbourne's suburbs are now unaffordable.

Document GRDN000020160125ec1p000ul




Court rules against Norton in 'complex' pension case

Baylee Pulliam      
504 words
13 January 2016
Louisville Business First
BFL
English
© 2016 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.      

The U.S. District for the Western District of Kentucky ruled against Louisville-based Norton Healthcare Inc.'s pension plan in a complex legal battle that involves how payments to a class of early retirees were calculated.

But really, "to conclude that this matter is complex is probably an understatement," U.S. District Judge Thomas Russell said in the Jan. 6 ruling.

The case involves an Employee Retirement Income Security Act pension dispute between the Louisville-based health system's pension plan and a class of early retirees.

There are a few issues in this case, originally filed in 2008, but a big one surrounds the formula for calculating the pensioners' retirement income. The pensioners think they were underpaid.

The retirees elected to receive their payments in lump-sum installments, but they argued that the way Norton calculated those installments didn't adjust for increases in the cost of living. They also said Norton didn't include the value of early retirement subsidies in its calculation and didn't use the formula it should have under the early retirement plan.

On Oct. 31, 2013, the court granted, in part, the retirees' request for summary judgment. Their retirement payments would be recalculated to include cost-of-living adjustments, but not the subsidies for early retirement, Bloomberg Law reports.

Norton was ordered to come up with a new formula that would make the lump-sum payments "at least actuarially equivalent" to the pensioners' monthly retirement income, with increases to adjust for cost of living.

"The court originally thought agreeing on a formula would not be a time-consuming process," the Jan. 6 opinion said. "Obviously, it was time-consuming."

Norton presented a formula, but Russell ruled that it didn't meet the "actuarially equivalent" condition and that the pensioners' formula will be used instead. (Both Norton's and the pensioners' formulas are included in the court's opinion.)

Norton disagrees with the ruling and is looking at options for an appeal, according to a statement emailed by vice president of public relations and chief communications officer Tom Johnson.

"With all due respect to Judge Russell, we disagree with his ruling in this matter," the statement said. "The court has acknowledged the inherent complexity of this case and the significant amount of time required to work through the details."

Norton's statement also cited Russell's own opinion, pointing to a line where the judge suggested "another court ? look at this matter with new eyes."

But for his part, Russell said his court isn't entertaining any motions for reconsideration.

"The complexity of comprehending and analyzing lengthy interrelated documents and deciphering the nuisances therein has been time-consuming on the part of counsel and the Court," the opinion said. "Frankly, the court has given this matter its best shot."

Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe to Louisville Business First for more articles and leads? Visit bizjournals.com/subscribe or call 1-866-853-3661.

Document BFL0000020160113ec1d00001




Tips for cheaper flying

By Amelia Wade amelia.wade@nzherald.co.nz      
504 words
10 January 2016
The New Zealand Herald
NZHLD
A008
English
(c) 2016 The New Zealand Herald      

Already dreaming of your next holiday? Here's how to get the best deals.

If you are looking to book the cheapest flight possible, travel on a Wednesday and book your airfare about six weeks out. And whatever you do, keep your browsing top secret and don't go during the school holidays.

With more Kiwis than ever taking off for a break overseas, the Herald on Sunday has compiled a list of tips to help you spend less on airfares and save more of your holiday budget for fun.

Aviation commentator Peter Clark recommended using web search engines like WebJet, Skyscanner or Expedia to research fares but said to make sure you knew what you wanted before doing so because as soon as airlines got wind that people were searching for a particular flight, prices rose. "Know where you want to go and when. Search with a purpose."

He also said to get in early or wait to the last minute because that's when flights were usually cheapest. "Airlines need bums on seats."

Travel website Thrifty Nomads suggested keeping searches private because flight prices increased when a route was repeatedly searched.

"The site wants to scare you into booking the flight quickly before prices get even higher. Always search in private browsing mode to see the lowest prices."

The way to open an incognito window in Google Chrome or Safari is hit Command, Shift, N.

For Mozilla Firefox or Internet Explorer, hit Command (or "Control" if using a PC), Shift, P.

The website also said sometimes a flight connecting to a city you want to go to is cheaper than flying directly to it. This is known as "hidden city" flying. A search engine called Skiplagged locates these flights.

But this trick - frowned upon by airlines - should be used with caution because if the flight you're on happens to be the same one continuing to the final destination, you may not be allowed to disembark the plane. Also, you won't be able to check-in any luggage as this will arrive at the final destination, rather than the stop-over.

House of Travel commercial director Brent Thomas said the one thing to never do if you're looking for cheap flights is to travel during the school holidays.

"I can't emphasise that enough. Don't fly then, whatever you do. It's the peak of all travel."

There are also are a couple of big sales during the year when long-haul airfares are competitively priced - one is the New Year sale, which is taking place now. Others sell shoulder season fares.

The travel centre is offering up to 50 per cent off Fiji, Queensland and Rarotonga resorts.

Thomas said to be mindful of the complete cost of flying, so although a flight might be "super cheap" it could arrive at 2am and require a hotel stay, so a midafternoon arrival might end up cheaper.

flightsecrets10

Document NZHLD00020160109ec1a00009




News & Advice
New routes to Guernsey, London light festival, and Réunion Island: Travel agenda

504 words
8 January 2016
08:59 PM
Independent Online
INDOP
English
© 2016. Independent Print Ltd. All Rights Reserved.      

Where to go and what to know

Light up

The capital welcomes its first light festival next weekend. At certain times between 14 and 17 January, parts of Mayfair, Piccadilly, Regent Street, Trafalgar Square and King's Cross will be closed off to host Lumiere London. Exhibits will include glowing plastic bottles in Trafalgar Square's fountains, aimed at highlighting the damage done by rubbish dumped in the Pacific.

visitlondon.com

NZ via TX

Travellers to New Zealand have a new one-stop option: to fly via Houston. Air New Zealand now flies five times a week from Texas's largest city to Auckland. The 15-hour flight is a code-share with United Airlines, which has three flights a day from Heathrow to Houston. On a round-trip it could be combined with stopovers in San Francisco or Los Angeles.

airnz.co.uk

Castle rescue

A 15th-century castle, seven miles south-east of Glasgow, that was formerly ruined, is to open on 1 April as a luxury nine-bedroom hotel. Crossbasket Castle, overlooking the River Calder in High Blantyre, will be managed by the same firm as Andy Murray's Cromlix.

Read more

New Year's travel resolutions: 10 ways to make trips better in 2016

Travelers Rest, review: Fine addition to the hotel thriller genre

How to assess the January sales for travel

Travel agenda: Birmingham-Madrid, new luggage service, Ronaldo's hotel

crossbasketcastle.com

Channel hop

Aurigny Airways is adding new routes to Guernsey this summer. The island's "flag carrier" will fly from Leeds/Bradford four times a week, and from Norwich on Saturdays. Both services begin in May and are operated by ATR42 turbo-props.

aurigny.com

Piton des Neiges

Island trek

World Expeditions has several adventurous new itineraries for 2016, including a Réunion Island Explorer. The six-day guided trip to the Indian Ocean island includes trekking in the collapsed caldera of Piton des Neiges volcano and the chance to spot wildlife including parrots and panthers. Departs May-September, from £1,490pp, excluding flights.

worldexpeditions.com

Border check

Passengers travelling from Denmark to Sweden now face identity checks. The new European Rail Timetable says these take place at Copenhagen's Kastrup airport, which has rail links with both the Danish capital and Malmo in Sweden. There will no longer be a direct service between the two cities.

europeanrailtimetable.eu

Lyft off

Transport from Los Angeles airport gets easier from this week. The ride-sharing app Lyft has gained permission to make pick-ups at LAX. Its rival, Uber, is expected to follow suit soon. Until now, both services could take travellers to the airport, but not collect them.

bit.ly/LaxLyft

Cruise news

The most extreme cruise ship repositioning voyages are made between Antarctica and the Arctic. Hurtigruten has expanded its range to include a 19-night cruise that connects Brazil with Morocco. From £2,586pp; departs March 2017.

hurtigruten.co.uk

Document INDOP00020160108ec18001us




UPDATE 1-Investors pump $10 bln into U.S. stock funds in weekly period -Lipper

504 words
1 January 2016
11:10 AM
Reuters News
LBA
English
Copyright 2016 Thomson Reuters. All Rights Reserved.      


(Adds data on mutual funds and ETFs)
    By Trevor Hunnicutt
    NEW YORK, Dec 31 (Reuters) - Investors pumped $10 billion
into U.S.-based stock funds in the week that ended Dec. 30,
Lipper data showed on Thursday, demonstrating a willingness to
take on risk at the end of a year that has delivered slim gains
to financial markets.
    Funds tracking foreign stocks took in money from both mutual
fund and exchange-traded fund investors during the week - $9.3
billion in all, Lipper said - one week after such funds suffered
a historic outflow.
    The new money should come as a relief to stockpickers and
index-funds tracking the equity markets, whose funds had
previously posted four consecutive weeks of outflows that
totalled $30 billion as investors digested risks to the global
economy and an interest-rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve.
    The $10 billion pulled out of "non-domestic" stock funds
during the week ended Dec. 23 was the largest ever recorded by
Lipper, whose data dates to 1992. The week before that saw an
outflow from investment-grade bond funds of $5.1 billion that
was also the largest since such record-keeping began. 
    U.S. taxable bond funds posted $1.8 billion in outflows over
the past week, Lipper data showed, the sixth straight week of
outflows. Investment-grade debt funds continued to post
outflows: this week the withdrawals totalled $1.7 billion.
    Yet even in bonds, there were green shoots of optimism.
Exchange-traded fund investors added net money to the funds even
as mutual-fund owners pulled out.
    High-yield bond funds ended what had been a three-week
streak of multibillion-dollar outflows, taking in $114 million
in new money, as fears abated that tanking energy and commodity
prices would sink debt-laden corporate issuers and fund managers
who had feasted on such debt.
    Emerging-market stock funds added $168 million in new money
from investors, their first net inflows since October, according
to Lipper.
    Money-market funds took in nearly $17 billion in new money
during the week, according to the fund data service.
    The Lipper fund flow data is compiled from reports issued by
U.S.-domiciled mutual funds and exchange-traded funds.
    The following is a broad breakdown of the flows for the
week, including exchange-traded funds (in $ billions):
 Sector          Flow Chg  % Assets  Assets     Count
                 ($Bil)              ($Bil)     
 All Equity      10.050    0.20      5,141.025  11,901
 Funds                                          
 Domestic        0.792     0.02      3,626.019  8,476
 Equities                                       
 Non-Domestic    9.258     0.61      1,515.006  3,425
 Equities                                       
 All Taxable     -1.796    -0.08     2,161.482  6,104
 Bond Funds                                     
 All Money       16.962    0.74      2,309.528  1,141
 Market Funds                                   
 All Municipal   1.299     0.36      358.919    1,50
 Bond Funds                                     
 
 (Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Chris Reese and Tom
Brown)

Released: 2016-1-1T01:10:51.000Z

Document LBA0000020160101ec110008f




MARKETS & INVESTING
StanChart jumps after analysts say it is 'undervalued' by 50%; London

By Bryce Elder      
504 words
17 December 2015
Financial Times
FTFT
London Ed1
29
English
Copyright 2015 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

Standard Chartered led a London market rally yesterday after JPMorgan Cazenove said the bank was at least 50 per cent undervalued versus its peers.

Capital concerns had been addressed by a $5.2bn rights issue , said the broker, which was joint co-ordinator and underwriter to the cash call.

It forecast that even if loan defaults returned to the levels of the 1997 Asian crisis, StanChart's capital buffer would remain in the management's target range. Downside protection came from StanChart's new strategy to shrink risk-weighted assets by a third and move away from low-return business, with rising US interest rates providing a tailwind, JPMorgan said.

Yet the shares were trading at half their 2016 tangible net asset value and less than 10 times next year's earnings, falling to just five times earnings in 2018, it forecast as it repeated an 870p target price.

StanChart shares gained 6.4 per cent to 512.7p.

A thinly traded wider market squeezed the FTSE 100 higher by 0.7 per cent, or 43.4 points, to 6,061.19.

Shire took on 3.9 per cent to £43.47 after Flemming Ornskov , chief executive, once again stressed to US investors that he was prepared to abandon the pursuit of fellow drugmaker Baxalta .

Leerink analysts reckoned that if Shire walked away from the potential acquisition its shares would rally at least 20 per cent.

Cowen & Co repeated its longstanding "outperform" advice on Shire. "If there is perceived value in an Allergan/ Valeant model, then Shire - either standalone or via the combination with Baxalta - provides higher-quality organic growth with a cleaner balance sheet that will allow for more thoughtful and value-creating business development at a compelling valuation," it told clients.

Pearson , the textbook publisher, bounced 5.2 per cent to 743.5p after Exane said the risk to earnings was already reflected in an "all-time low valuation". The upgrade eclipsed US data showing autumn college enrolments down 1.7 per cent.

Under new chairman Sidney Taurel , Pearson was likely to begin "a profound refocusing" that would rein back global ambitions and should include share buybacks, Exane said.

"Headwinds should abate in 2017 as the education policy reforms ease, US enrolment benefits from the move to free college tuition, and with positive structural drivers continuing to offset the negative pressure," it added.

Arm Holdings lost 2.9 per cent to £10.21 on a revival of worries about slowing smartphone demand, fed in part by Tuesday's warning of weak demand from Apple supplier Dialog Semiconductor. Credit Suisse cut its Arm forecasts out to 2018 to reflect a "saturated" smartphone market.

Retailers faded on a profit warning from Bonmarche , the older women's clothing specialist, which fell 29.2 per cent to 210p. N Brown declined 6 per cent to 301.7p and Asos was off 6.2 per cent to £32.51.

Document FTFT000020151217ebch0001s




Employees' Retirement Fund of the City of Dallas; The Dallas Employees' Retirement Fund Begins Unique Program to Encourage Diversity Among Its Fund Managers

504 words
11 December 2015
Investment Weekly News
INVWK
647
English
© Copyright 2015 Investment Weekly News via VerticalNews.com      

2015 DEC 19 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Investment Weekly News -- The $3 billion Dallas Employees' Retirement Fund says diversity among its fund managers has helped drive better returns on its investments. The fund committed to allocating 10% of its portfolio to early stage investment managers with strong performance and is well on its way to achieving that goal.

The first Next Generation open house will be held at the fund offices on December 10, 2015. The keynote speaker will be Jason R. Howard, Director of Investments at GCM Grosvenor one of the world's largest and most diversified independent alternative asset management firms.

In order to increase opportunities it has launched the Next Generation Manager program to generate interest among minorities who have not considered such careers, provide access to investment opportunities that may otherwise be overlooked, and discover and cultivate the next generation of external portfolio management talent.

The program will host quarterly open houses in Dallas with the goal to provide new managers with an opportunity to learn about the Fund, investment goals and the process to hire managers. Each open house will feature a guest speaker to discuss an aspect of the investment process. Open houses are limited to 30 attendees to promote conversation and interaction.

"Next Generation Managers conferences and seminars will provide an opportunity to learn about ERF including the organization, investment goals and the process by which it hires and monitors investment managers," said Carla D. Brewer, ERF Board Chairman. "In addition, accomplished speakers with diverse backgrounds will provide helpful insights into their professional journey and building their respective businesses."

"This program is not about diversity for diversity's sake," said Cheryl Alston, ERF Executive Director. "It is about having the very best returns for the current and retired Dallas city employees we serve.

Our speaker has been a success in this field and will be a terrific role model and mentor for others who want to succeed."

According to statistics published in Asset International, Inc., "nearly 90% of senior money managers in the U.S. are white," women and minorities make up only a tiny fraction of senior asset managers.

"We look forward to opening up new opportunities for managers who can help us now as well as encouraging a more diverse group of professionals to enter the field," said Alston. "We want the best minds working hard to provide the retirement security our city employees have worked so hard to earn."

Registration for the program is open at the ERF web site www.dallaserf.org/events

SOURCE Employees' Retirement Fund of the City of Dallas

Employees' Retirement Fund of the City of Dallas

Keywords for this news article include: Investment and Finance, Employees' Retirement Fund of the City of Dallas.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2015, NewsRx LLC

Document INVWK00020151211ebcb00285


3 Things Car Dealers Never Want to Hear You Say

David Muhlbaum, Online Editor, Kiplinger.com      
504 words
9 December 2015
Kiplinger.com
KPCM
English
(c) 2015 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Inc. All rights reserved.      

Remember these words next time you are haggling at the dealership.

Most of us know that there are certain things you're supposed to do and not do when buying a car, but it can still be a struggle to put those principles into words. For the most part, car-buying remains a tough negotiation. And you're at a disadvantage: The sales representative does deals every day, and you don't. He knows what to say; you don't.

Here are three situations you're likely to face in your next car-buying adventure -- and our suggested responses, which will keep the conversation going the way you want and lead to the best price you can get.

'Thanks, I may consider your trade-in offer'

Dealerships like trade-ins. It gets them inventory for their used car lot on the cheap. So don't be surprised if you get offered money for whatever you drove to the dealership. The offer might even sound surprisingly good.

But don't bite quite yet. Your answer? "Thanks, I may consider your trade-in offer. But that's separate from how we're going to price the new car." The point is this: It's hard enough to keep track of one price as you're negotiating. Once you've gotten close to final on the new buy, you can entertain the trade-in bid. If you've done your research, you know what your car is worth and can take it or leave it.

'Let me see the invoice, please'

It's hard to buy a car without a lot of extra fees. But not all fees are created equal. When you last bought a shirt, did the store charge you to take it off the hanger? So, don't pay money for silly things like vehicle prep fees for pulling shipping plastic off your new ride and making sure it has oil in it. When the dealer tells you "everyone pays these", your line is, "Let me see the invoice, please." Legitimate fees are listed there.

'No, thank you'

Finally, you can expect to be offered all kinds of stuff once you hit the dealership's Finance and Insurance office, from window etching to protection plans for your key fobs. The line you're going to need to use here the most is simply, "No, thank you." Mud flaps, rust-proofing and paint sealants make the dealer a lot of money, but you can often get these for less elsewhere--assuming you want them in the first place. Look at a catalog such as AutoSport for accessories, or check your local detailing shop for paint sealant or fabric treatments. If you later decide you just really have to have those chrome running boards, you can always come back to the dealer.

Here are three more smart things to say at the car dealership.

Copyright 2015 The Kiplinger Washington Editors

Document KPCM000020151210ebc900007




Year in review: New Mexico's biggest health care issues of 2015

Sal Christ      
504 words
8 December 2015
Albuquerque Business First Online
NMBWO
English
© 2015 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved.      

For New Mexico businesses, the 2015 conversation around health care largely revolved around one thing: costs.

How to pay for health insurance coverage. Who had the best small group and large group rates. Who is selling plans on the New Mexico Health Insurance Exchange. How rates change and what businesses can do to defray costs.

Here are some of the key health care issues that cropped up locally and across the state.

The growing burden of health insurance costs on business

Many felt the heat of growing health care costs this year. For businesses, those costs largely focused on increasing insurance premium rates, as well as penalty bumps for failing to provide adequate insurance coverage for employees.

While the implementation of the Affordable Care Act meant that more people had access to health insurance without discrimination, underwriting changes have meant that employers pay more in insurance premiums for older employees or those that smoke than they do for younger employees - even if those individuals are more unhealthy. Employer mandate changes in 2015, too, meant that more businesses were required to provide health insurance this year.

Insurance rates and a major insurer's exit from the exchange

Just as small businesses felt the crunch of health care costs, so did insurers. Underestimated claims costs factored into Blue Cross and Blue Shield of New Mexico's decision to pull its individual product offerings from the New Mexico Health Insurance Exchange in 2016. The move left thousands scrambling to find new coverage and resulted in New Mexico Health Connections decision to drop its PPO plan from the exchange. NMHC also cited high claims costs associated with the plan, as well as a lack of market competition in its decision.

The costs of Medicaid expansion - both good and bad

New Mexico was one of several states to expand access to Medicaid - something that was a boon for hospitals and insurers such as UnitedHealthcare alike - as Chuck Milligan, chief executive officer of UnitedHealthcare Community Plan of New Mexico - put it. But the costs of that expansion are hefty - total expenditures in 2015 are expected to balloon by $1 billion. While the federal government is footing the bill for Medicaid costs for another year, New Mexico will be on the hook for some of those costs starting in 2017, an estimated $120 million.

Electronic health records

Less an issue and more a trend, 2015 was the year of using technology to access your electronic health records. Several health care providers launched Web portals and mobile apps that facilitated consumer access to personal health record information. From Presbyterian Healthcare Services to Lovelace Health System to insurance carrier New Mexico Health Connections, the power of technology was put in the hands of consumers - in part to comply with ACA requirements.

Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe to Albuquerque Business First for more articles and leads? Visit bizjournals.com/subscribe or call 1-866-853-3661.

Document NMBWO00020151208ebc80005l




MARKETS & INVESTING
Puerto Rico avoids defaulting on debt; Capital markets

By Eric Platt      
504 words
2 December 2015
Financial Times
FTFT
London Ed1
30
English
Copyright 2015 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web.      

Development bank makes last-minute payment as deficit looms this month

Puerto Rico has avoided defaulting on more than $350m of its obligations, in the latest chapter of the island's struggle to deal with $72bn in debts.

The commonwealth "narrowly avoided a complete default that could have hobbled its government . . . by resolving to unsustainable financial gymnastics", said Richard Blumenthal, Democratic senator from Connecticut, at a Congressional hearing yesterday.

In a statement the Government Development Bank confirmed that it had paid all principal and interest payments due on certain outstanding notes.

With cash dwindling, the development bank has embarked on extraordinary measures - including delaying tax returns - to keep its balance from turning negative. However, those actions are no longer enough to keep Puerto Rico from falling into deficit this month.

The island would begin to claw back revenue from other income sources to maintain "essential public services", said Alejandro García Padilla, the governor, in testimony in front of the Senate.

He has previously described the debt burden as "unpayable".

"We have taken this step in the trust that Congress will act. But do not be misled.

We have no resources left. Puerto Rico cannot keep this up longer." The debt payment yesterday included $273m of GDB obligations backed by the commonwealth's general obligation guarantee, according to Moody's. Analysts with the rating agency had warned that if Puerto Rico was to default it would have been on a payment of about $81m owed by the GDB that, unlike general obligation-backed notes, did not benefit from constitutional protection.

Paper issued by the GDB maturing in August 2019 traded higher after the hearing, ticking up to 27.75 cents on the dollar from 26.64 cents a day earlier, according to data from the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board. They started the year trading at 63 cents.

"They've been on the brink for a long time," said David Kotok, chief investment officer of Cumberland Advisors, which holds some insured Puerto Rican debt.

Ted Hampton, an analyst with Moody's, said: "The key security here is the guaranteed-GDB notes because once those are defaulted on, that has implications for all of the debt that is protected by Puerto Rico's constitution." Far larger payments are due on January 1, and Mr Hampton noted that a payment yesterday would not change Moody's view that default in the coming months was likely.

Mr García Padilla, who has seen his popularity erode sharply in recent polls, alongside flight to the mainland and lacklustre economic conditions, testified alongside the island's sole member of Congress, Pedro Pierluisi, and Richard Carrión, chairman of Banco Popular.

An Obama administration plan put forward in October, which would amend the bankruptcy code, instate a financial control board and extend tax credits to Puerto Rico, is thought to face high hurdles in Congress. Investors object in particular to holiday bonuses set aside for the island's government workers.

Document FTFT000020151202ebc20001p




Financial Post
New royalty regime will cripple a few, economist says; 'Period of disruption'

Dan Healing      
Calgary Herald
504 words
28 November 2015
National Post
FINP
All_but_Toronto
FP2
English
(c) 2015 National Post . All Rights Reserved.      

LAKE LOUISE, Alta Not every Alberta oil and gas company will be able to compete with U.S. shale gas under recommended changes to the Alberta royalty regime but change is needed and will be delivered on time, says a member of the review committee.

Energy economist Peter Tertzakian of ARC Financial Corp. told reporters at a business conference in Lake Louise on Friday that industry members who called for zero change to the royalty regime in Alberta will be disappointed when the results are turned over to Energy Minister Marg McCuaig-Boyd before the end of the year.

"I am confident that 'segments' of the industry will remain competitive," he said, when asked if the industry will be able to compete on costs with burgeoning new shale plays in the United States under the recommended new rules.

"This is a very major period of disruption in the world of energy and companies and institutions that are able to adapt will definitely be competitive. But whenever you have change of this magnitude, there are always elements of the industry that cannot be competitive and we just have to move forward."

Murray Edwards, co-host of the Bennett Jones Lake Louise World Cup Business Forum and chairman of Canadian Natural Resources Ltd., said he supports the efforts of the panel and listed benefits, including simplification, that he hopes will result.

"We do have to change the way we're doing things in the province," he told the audience. "To continue the analogy, I think we have in this industry, in this province, for far too long, been playing checkers when we should be playing chess."

Tertzakian said the panel, which includes chair David Mowat of ATB Financial, former deputy minister of finance Annette Trimbee and Beaverlodge, Alta., Mayor Leona Hanson, is trying to "modernize" the royalty system, and creating a "better machine going forward." He said the royalty panel is keeping in touch with and ensuring harmonization with the climate change review panel whose results were released last week. He said he was heartened by the general acceptance of the climate change panel's recommendations.

During his speech, Tertzakian said retaining the existing royalty regime - designed to resolve "unintended consequences" from the system brought in under former premier Ed Stelmach eight years ago - isn't an option.

"It's way too complicated. It's got what I call distortions. It doesn't give the right incentives to go after the highest value products," he said.

"It's not transparent. It's ephemeral, the programs expire. How is that supposed to be something that breeds any sort of certainty in what we're supposed to be doing going forward?" The royalty rate on a well in Alberta can vary between 10 and 40 per cent depending upon what mix of oil, gas and natural gas liquids it produces, something that isn't known before drilling begins, Tertzakian noted.

Document FINP000020151128ebbs0001h




Sport
Birmingham City Black Friday bargains: The cut-price deals that Gary Rowett should consider in the January transfer window

By birminghammail      
504 words
27 November 2015
07:00 PM
birminghammail.co.uk
EVEMONL
English
© 2015 Trinity Mirror      

Here are some suggestions that could prove to be value for money for a club in Blues' position...

It's Black Friday, the day whenever consumers are encouraged to go bargain-hunting.

So, now that the loan window is closed, we've decided to have a look at what cut-price deals Birmingham City could do during the January transfer window.

With his budget not being the biggest, Gary Rowett will have to spend smartly to pick out the right players to aid Blues' promotion tilt after Christmas.

Here are some suggestions that could prove to be value for money for a club in Blues' position...

The Newcastle United striker has flourished during a loan spell at Coventry City this season. He is currently the top scorer in League One with 12 goals to his name in 14 appearances.

The youngster is the main reason the Sky Blues sit top of the third tier at present, but with his loan up in January, his parent club might want him to be tested in a higher division.

A host of clubs would be interested in the diminutive youngster, but Blues' record of bringing through their own youngsters could work in their favour.

The ex-West Bromwich Albion trainee has started the season on fire for Oxford United as they sit second in League Two.

The midfielder has already notched 11 goals this campaign with eight of them coming in the league. Blues would face stiff competition from Premier League sides Newcastle and Stoke City, but would be able to offer Roofe first team football.

The Leyton Orient goal-getter has already bagged 14 goals this season, all of which have come in the league as the Londoners look to make an immediate return to League One after relegation last term. Orient probably wouldn't be able to command a big fee for the 26-year-old, with this already proving to be the highest scoring season of his career.

The Greek has been without a club since leaving Albion over the summer and could represent great value for money should Blues try to lure him to St Andrew's and help him find form. He hasn't been prolific throughout his career, but he is very much thought of as someone who can do a job for the team. Clayton Donaldson has been given a heavy workload recently and the potential signing of Samaras could take some of the weight off the newly-capped Jamaica international.

Pennant is still without a club after leaving Wigan Athletic in the close season. The winger made 60 appearances for Blues during a successful 18-month spell before joining Liverpool where he went on to feature in the 2007 Champions League Final defeat to AC Milan. The winger would provide competition for Welshman David Cotterill and would add some extra experience to the Blues ranks.

Blues latest

Document EVEMONL020151127ebbr000b5




News
BIGGER PENSION PAYOUTS FOR ALL

Sarah O'Grady      
504 words
21 November 2015
The Daily Express
THEEXP
1; Scotland
1,7
English
(c) 2015 Express Newspapers      

£170 a year pension boost for 13million

MILLIONS of pensioners are to see their spending power boosted to its highest level for a quarter of a century.

The basic state pension will rise to £119.30 a week from April, sc* Chancellor George Osborne will announce in next week's Autumn Statement. The most people can get at present is £115.95 a week. The increase of £3.35 a week will mean 13 million people will be £174.20 a year better off as a result.

The 2.9 per cent increase will be the biggest in real terms since 2001and, as a share of average earnings, the highest since 1991.

Steve Wilkie, managing director of retirement specialists Responsible Life, said: "This is cracking news for pensioners, especially as it has been another tough year for many, with savings income still in the doldrums as a result of stagnant interest rates."

The triple lock guarantee, introduced by the Conservative-Lib Dem coalition, pledged state pension payments would rise in line with whichever is the highest of earnings, inflation or 2.5 per cent.

The 2.9 per cent rise is linked to average earnings.

Alongside the increase in the basic state pension, Mr Osborne will confirm that the starting rate for the new single-tier pension - for those who retire after April - will be around £155 a week.

Pensions minister Dr Ros Altmann said yesterday: "Over the last quarter of a century pensioners have fallen below the rest of society as average earnings have done so much better than the increases in the state pension. Since 2010 we have really begun to correct that.

"We are now back to the highest level for a quarter of a century - and quite right too. Pensioners deserve to be treated much better than they have been in the past.

"They've done their best for society, worked hard and we owe them. This Government has restored a decent level of state pension and we have further to go. The new single-tier pension will particularly help women and the self-employed." Some experts say the triple lock guarantee is putting too heavy a burden on taxpayers, however. The bill next year will be about £95billion.

Keith Richards, of the Personal Finance Society, said: "This 2.9 per cent rise is undoubtedly good news for pensioners but the variables used to determine the increase highlight the considerable risk that the triple-lock policy has for the public finances.

"At a time when other countries are trying to de-risk pension provision, we seem to be increasing the risk of ours which will ultimately have to be addressed, with the impact being borne by future generations.

"The new pension freedoms encourage short-term spending of pension pots, which is generating significant tax revenue for the Chancellor. This is likely to result in more retirees exhausting what savings they have too early and needing greater support from the welfare system."

Document THEEXP0020151121ebbl0006x

Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:34 PM
    
