 


Watch Box Co. Kicks Off Its Holiday Sale; Announces 10% Discount on Online Orders

504 words
21 December 2019
02:40 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2019    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 


One of the nation's finest providers of handcrafted watch boxes has discounted its products during the Holidays. 
 

BURBANK, Calif., Dec. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- Representatives with Sun Valley, CA-based Watch Box Co. announced today that it is now offering 10% off on all products to all new and existing customers during the Holidays.

"With our 10% Holiday Season discount, we're making it easier to get the stylish and durable watch boxes while saving a lot at the same time," said Ryan Frizzel spokesperson for Watch Box Co. before adding, "Just use coupon code 'HOLIDAY10' to avail the discount at checkout."

Frizzel also highlighted that the company is offering even more savings in the form of free shipping on all orders over $150.

Additionally, Watch Box Co. offers free personalization on all orders.

"We're happy to provide our customers with personalization at no cost to them," said Frizzel.

Frizzel explained that Watch Box Co. offers eight different personalization styles and eight different fonts. Personalization styles include Standard Personalization; Monogram; Round Monogram; Single Letter; Name; Name with Border; Name with Scroll and Watch Gear with Name.

Frizzel went on to reveal that the personalization fonts include: Times New Roman; Birds with paradise; CF Diamond; Easy-open face; Plateia; Sign script; Eurostile and Niagara.

Watch Box Co. offers a full range of quality handcrafted watch boxes and watch winders at everyday competitive prices. Its products include: wood watch boxes, leather watch boxes, carbon fiber watch boxes, watch winders, watch travel cases, watch bands, watch cuff links.

The company recently completed 10 years in business.

"We consider it an honor to service our customers and to be able to do it for as long as we have," said Frizzel. "We're excited about the future and we're committed to doing everything that we can to take us to the next level of success by helping our customers."

As to how customers rate the quality of Watch Box Co.'s products and services, one customer identified as D. Young said, "I recently purchased the carbon fiber leather watch box for my fiancé as a birthday gift. It is the most beautiful watch box I've ever seen, and before purchasing, I had looked at hundreds. The personalization adds so much to it. I couldn't be happier and excited about my purchase."

But Young isn't the only one. A second customer identified as Mariam said, "WOW! I cannot even begin to tell you how much I love my watch box!! It is incredible. I could not have imagined the personalization to be so nice. I highly recommend this to everyone."

For more information, please visit https://www.watchboxco.com/blog.

About Watch Box Co.

We offer quality watch boxes, watch winders, and watch accessories at everyday low prices.

Contact Details:

Ryan Frizzel

9533 Via Ricardo

Burbank, CA 91504

United States

Source: Watch Box Co.

SOURCE Watch Box Co.

(END)

Document PRN0000020191220efck000bx




Money,Shopping
WRAP IT UP KFC reveals trick to make fried chicken Christmas dinner wrap

Levi Winchester 
504 words
20 December 2019
01:24 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

KFC has revealed a festive menu hack so fast food fans can turn their Christmas leftovers into a fried chicken Yorkshire pudding wrap.

The step-by-step recipe details how diners can create their own Christmas-themed KFC snack from the comfort of their own home.

First, customers need to order Original Recipe KFC chicken, a tub of mash and gravy from the chicken chain.

We suggest doing this by ordering online, so you can relax and enjoy the food without leaving your house.

At home, you'll need to have at least one big leftover Yorkshire pudding, carrots and cranberry sauce.

Once your order has arrived, lay out the Yorkshire and add a layer of mash, carrots and stuffing balls.

KFC fried chicken Yorkshire pudding wrap

HERE'S the step-by-step guide from KFC so you can make your own fried chicken Yorkshire pudding wrap from home.

* Lay out the Yorkshire Pudding wrap and add a layer of mash

* Add the carrots on top of the mash

* Chop the stuffing balls in half and add to the wrap

* Slice the original recipe chicken and place on top

* Slather it in cranberry sauce

* Smother it in KFC gravy

* Roll up and tuck in

You'll then need to cut up the chicken and add it in, before finally smothering it in cranberry sauce and KFC gravy.

How much it'll cost depends on how much chicken you want to pack in - one piece of chicken costs £2.69, while two pieces is £4.49.

Mash and gravy are usually £1.59 each.

So say you order one piece of chicken, the total KFC order will come to £5.87 - or £7.67 for two pieces of chicken.

But if can't be bothered with the hassle of building the wrap yourself, you can buy an original recipe twister for the slightly cheaper price of £5.09.

The original recipe twister contains original recipe chicken, buttermilk dressing and pickled slaw in a tortilla wrap.

Do keep in mind that prices vary between restaurants.

You can order KFC via the official website, Deliveroo or Just Eat.

The cheapest for delivery is the KFC website, which will cost you £2.50 per order.

Deliveroo charges £3.49, while you'll pay £2.74 to get your food delivered from Just Eat.

If you do want to save on delivery costs, KFC has 890 restaurants in the UK - find your nearest one with its online store finder .

Calorie counters will want to know that a standard giant Yorkshire pudding contains around 266 calories, compared to 216 for a tortilla.

KFC's Christmas dinner box features a Festive Burger with fried hash brown and stuffing mayonnaise.

The fried chicken chain is also testing a massive 80 piece popcorn chicken bucket for £6.

This dedicated KFC worker, 68, has served up FIVE MILLION drumsticks during her 41 years at the fast food chain.

Document THESCOT020191219efcj0033d




Money,Shopping,Christmas 2019
FRESH-TIVE FEAST Seven-month-old spuds and eight-day-old pigs in blankets - how 'fresh' is your Christmas dinner?

Emma Pietras 
504 words
18 December 2019
10:50 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

SEVEN-MONTH-OLD spuds and eight-day-old pigs in blankets.

It doesn't sound very appetising but that could be your Christmas dinner.

On Monday we told how turkeys being sold as "fresh" in supermarkets have really been slaughtered more than a month before and kept at sub-zero temperatures.

Nigel Broadhurst , of the British Frozen Food Federation, said: "Most people are buying turkeys just before Christmas on the understanding it is a fresh bird. But they are not."

Here is how old the rest of your festive feast may be?

Potatoes: up to 7 months

Farmers harvest their spuds in October and it is possible to keep the vegetable in sheds throughout the winter.

But if they are stored in temperature and humidity-controlled warehouses, they can be kept for up to 11 months before being sent to be cleaned and packaged.

Pigs in blankets: up to 8 days

There can be a delay between the slaughter and the meat making its way to supermarket shelves.

Sainsbury's has said it can take eight days for its pork to get from the abattoir to its stores.

Brussel sprouts: up to 3 days

Brassicas, such as sprouts, broccoli and cauliflower have a large surface area which absorbs oxygen, meaning they will spoil quickly.

Carrots & peas:up to 9 months

Carrots are often kept cool in chlorinated water just above 0C before packing to ensure they keep their crispness.

If kept in these conditions, mature topped carrots can last up to nine months before decaying.

Smoked salmon: up to 2 weeks

Farmed salmon is kept in chilled water and transported to supermarkets within days of being killed.

But wild salmon could already be a few weeks old when it hits shelves due to it being "flash frozen", a process where the fish is blasted with sub-zero air immediately after it is harvested.

Cheeseboard: up to 15 months

Cheese such as Cheddar is already ripe and will be vacuum-packed, so it may be several months old when you buy it in a store.

For extra mature varieties, the product can be aged for up to 15 months.

Chestnuts: up to 3 months

The harvest is usually mid-September through to November.

Once picked, the Christmas nut can be kept in a cool dry place for a few weeks, but could be older if bought frozen or tinned.

Bucks fizz: up to 2 years

Juices that are sold as "not from concentrate" will have either been treated with high pressure and filtering or pasteurised with heat.

And while suppliers will aim to shift all their produce as quickly as possible, juice can be stored in huge cold-storage tanks for up to two years without perishing.

* GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk 

Document THESCOT020191218efch00001




Money,News Money
GAME ON Pictionary Air TRIPLE the price on Amazon and eBay as top Christmas gift sells out in shops

Levi Winchester 
504 words
12 December 2019
01:24 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

PARENTS are up in arms as must-have Christmas gift Pictionary Air is being sold for triple the price on Amazon and eBay after selling out in stores.

Mums and dads have been left furious after missing out on this year's top selling present, which was being sold for £15 on Argos  before selling out.

After also selling out on Smyths Toys  and The Entertainer  websites, parents have been left paying three times this price on Amazon and eBay.

For example, the cheapest Pictionary Air is selling for on Amazon  is £48.87 - £33.87 more expensive than what Argos was charged.

On eBay , the lowest price we've seen for the game is £35.99 - which is still £20.99 more expensive and double the lowest price.

Pictionary Air is a modern take on the classic game, where what you draw in the air appears on your smart phone.

Previous sell-out Christmas toys included the Luvabella Doll in 2017, which sold for £99, and last year's Hatchimals, which was £59.99.

Demand for the Christmas gift reached a peak last week when ITV presenter Philip Schofield demonstrated how to play it on his How To Spend It Well At Christmas show.

Smyths was selling Pictionary Air for £19.99, while it was going for £20 on The Entertainer website - making Argos the cheapest of the bunch.

Parents have since taken to Twitter to express their annoyance over the game selling out.

One person said: "Just watched Philip Schofield and tried to buy the Pictionary Air game he recommended and unbelievably instead of £15.99, Amazon have more than doubled the price to £49.00. Shameful."

Someone else added: "I usually buy a new game for the family to play on Christmas Day.

"I was going to get Pictionary Air when I spotted it a few weeks back.

"Now, it's bloody sold out. EVERYWHERE. I'm not paying over double for it on eBay."

Parents might not need to pay more than the RRP for Pictionary Air, as high street stores may well get more stock in for Christmas.

However, this isn't guaranteed so how much you're willing to pay should be judged on how desperate you are to get the game.

If you want to hold out for the cheapest price, it's worth contacting your local Argos, The Entertainer and Smyths Toys to see if they're expecting more stock.

The Sun has contacted both Amazon and eBay and we'll update this article if we get a response.

For more toys ideas for little ones, you might also want to check out Hamleys top ten toys for 2019.

Amazon has also revealed its top toys for Christmas 2019.

And if you want to save some cash, Christmas shoppers can save 20 per cent on toys at Argos when they spend £20 this week.

Document THESCOT020191211efcb0050l




Money
What to do if you accidentally transfer money to the wrong bank account

By Marianna Hunt 
504 words
5 December 2019
08:27 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2019. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

Fat finger syndrome - mishaps when using your phone or laptop - can not only be embarrassing but costly too.

One person in eight transferred money to the wrong bank account last year and around a quarter of them never got their money back, according to a new study. The average amount for these misdirected payments was £118 - meaning that Brits could be losing as much as £204m a year.

So how can you avoid slip ups when making bank transfers and how can you get your money back if you do?

Staying safe when sharing details

More than half of misplaced payments were the result of customers making a mistake when inputting an account number or sort code, research by money transfer app VibePay found. Another common reason was having received the wrong details in the first place.

This can sometimes result from how we share our bank details with one another. Many of us will send them over via text message or WhatsApp, which can cause errors when copying and pasting information.

Luke Massie, the firm's founder, added that sharing bank details in these ways can put customers' data at risk. Earlier this year, WhatsApp urged all of its 1.5 billion users to update their apps after it was hit by a security breach that would have allowed an attacker to read their messages.

When sending a large sum of money via bank transfer, you could give yourself an extra layer of protection by first sending over a smaller sum and checking it has been received before continuing with the full amount.

There's an app for that

Some firms are developing apps that allow you to send money securely without having to input any details - saving you from falling victims to "fat fingers".

Digital bank Monzo allows you to transfer money to known contacts at the click of a button, although payments are restricted to other Monzo customers. Apps from the likes of Apple Pay, Barclays' Pingit and VibePay allow you to transfer money instantly to customers of any bank.

What to do when things go wrong

Accidents can always happen. If the details you inputted were invalid, the money should bounce back immediately. If not, let your bank know what has happened as soon as possible. It should take action within two working days to try to recover that money for you.

You should hear back from your bank within 15 working days on whether it will be able to return the transfer.

If the bank is unable to trace the money for you, you could try taking your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service, a dispute resolution service.

From March 2020, customers will be given extra protection with the introduction of confirmation of payee. This will mean that when you input payments details, you will be informed if they do not match the name, number and sort code of the recipient account.

Document TELUK00020191205efc5000m9




Intelligent.com Announces Best Criminal Justice Degree Programs for 2020

504 words
4 December 2019
11:00 PM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2019    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 


Degree holders gain increased earning potential with career opportunities upon graduation from these top ranked institutions. 
 

SEATTLE, Dec. 4, 2019 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- Intelligent.com, a trusted resource for online degree rankings and higher education planning, has announced the Top 60 Criminal Justice Degree Programs for 2020. The comprehensive research guide is based on an assessment of 207 accredited colleges and universities in the nation. Each program is evaluated based on curriculum quality, graduation rate, reputation, and post-graduate employment.

The 2020 rankings are calculated through a unique scoring system which includes student engagement, potential return on investment and leading third party evaluations. Intelligent.com analyzed 207 schools, on a scale of 0 to 100, with only 60 making it to the final list. The methodology also uses an algorithm which collects and analyzes multiple rankings into one score to easily compare each university.

Students who pursue any one of these programs can expect to gain employment much quicker in comparison to candidates without a degree. In addition to accessibility and cost, the steady job growth in this market is one of the many reasons Intelligent.com researched and ranked the Top Criminal Justice Degree Programs. To access the complete ranking, please visit: https://www.intelligent.com/best-online-criminal-justice-degree-programs/.

2020 Criminal Justice Degree Programs featured on Intelligent.com (in alphabetical order):

Arizona State University

Ashland University

Aurora University

Azusa Pacific University

Ball State University

Bemidji State University

Campbellsville University

Capella University

Columbia Southern University

Concordia University, Saint Paul

Crown College

Drexel University

Drury University

Eastern Kentucky University

Excelsior College

Faulkner University

Fort Hays State University

Grantham University

Hampton University

Indiana State University

Indiana University

Kent State University

Liberty University

Limestone College

Louisiana State University, Alexandria

Lynn University

Midway University

New England Institute of Technology

North Carolina Central University

North Greenville University

Northern Kentucky University

Northwestern State University of Louisiana

Norwich University

Oakland City University

Ohio Christian University

Ohio University

Old Dominion University

Rutgers University

Sam Houston State University

Southeast Missouri State University

Southern Illinois University

St. Joseph's College of New York

State University of New York, Delhi

State University of New York, Oswego

Stevenson University

Tarleton State University

Texas A & M University, Central Texas

University of Arkansas at Little Rock

University of Central Florida

University of Cincinnati

University of Colorado Denver

University of Houston - Victoria

University of Louisville

University of Mary

University of Massachusetts Lowell

University of Wisconsin - Platteville

Utica College

Walden University

Washington State University

Western Carolina University

About Intelligent.com

Intelligent.com provides unbiased research to help students make informed decisions about higher education programs. The website offers curated guides which include the best degree programs as well as information about financial aid, internships and even study strategies. With comprehensive, user-friendly guides and hundreds of program rankings, Intelligent.com is a trusted source among students and prospective students. To learn more, please visit https://www.intelligent.com/.

SOURCE Intelligent.com

/Web site: https://www.intelligent.com/

(END)

Document PRN0000020191204efc40006a




Money,News Money,Christmas 2019
VEGGIE SAD Brussels sprout shortage means they may be off the menu this Christmas

Alice Grahns 
504 words
22 November 2019
10:54 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2019 

BRUSSELS sprouts grown in the UK could be off the menu this Christmas as heavy rain has caused a shortage.

Growers are warning that it may soon be too late to save the vegetables because they're now too wet.

The British Growers Association (BGA) said there is only a "short timescale" remaining for the weather to improve, The Grocer reports.

If it doesn't, the controversial Christmas dinner veggies would have to be shipped in from abroad.

The same issue applies to cauliflowers and cabbages, as they're all part of the so-called brassica crop.

Lincolnshire, where 60 per cent of the crop is grown, has suffered following the wettest year so far since 2012.

Here's how to cut the cost of your grocery shop

WE spoke to Hannah Maundrell, editor of Money.co.uk, about how you can cut the cost of your shopping bills.

* Write yourself a list - Only buy items that you need. If it isn't on your list, don't put it in the trolley

* Create a budget - Work out a weekly budget for your food shopping

* Never shop hungry - you are far more likely to buy more food if your tummy is rumbling

* Don't buy pre-chopped veggies or fruit - The extra they'll charge for chopping can be eye watering

* Use social media - follow your favourite retailers to find out about the latest deals

* Be disloyal - You may want to go to different stores to find the best bargains

* Check the small print - It's always worth checking the price per kg/lb/litre when comparing offers so you're making a like for like decision as a bigger box won't necessarily mean you get more

* Use your loyalty cards - Don't be afraid to sign up to them all. They all work slightly differently - work out what bonus suits you better and remember to trade in your points for additional rewards

This has made the harvesting of the crops "very difficult," Jack Ward, chief executive of BGA, told The Grocer.

As the vegetables are now wet, the cost of getting them out has risen for farmers while the disease risk has shot up too.

Mr Ward added: "With the chances of things drying out being quite slim, the next step is starting to import [brassicas]."

He suggested continued rainfall could increase the risk of shortages over Christmas but added it was "too early to tell".

The Sun has asked BGA how the shortage could impact the prices of the vegetables. We'll update this article as soon as we get a response.

Last year, Brits were also warned about a Brussels sprout shortage after a heatwave scorched the crops.

While crisp and chip prices could rise after potato crops were ruined by flooding.

A beef shortage has also hit the UK, "pushing up supermarket prices" after protests by Irish farmers.

Document THESUK0020191122efbm003uy




News
Striking lecturers' pensions worth three times private sector average, say Vice Chancellors

By Camilla Turner, Education Editor 
504 words
20 November 2019
08:05 AM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2019. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

Lecturers have been told that their pension schemes are some of the best in the country and three times the private sector average ahead of planned strike action this month.

Universities UK (UUK), which represents vice-Chancellors, and Universities and Colleges Employers Association have written a joint letter to staff, urging them to call off eight days of industrial action which is due to begin on Monday.

Over a million students face disruption as academics from 60 universities signed up to strike over their pay and pension.

Members of the University and College Union (UCU) voted to back strike action in two ballots over pensions and pay and working conditions. Lecturers and other university staff will begin an eight day walk out on Monday.

UCU has been locked in a battle with UUK over proposed pension reforms to address a reported deficit and rising benefit costs.

The current dispute is over UCU members being forced to make increased contributions to maintain the same level of benefits. Employees are now paying in 9.6 per cent of their salary to the scheme rather than the 8 per cent they paid last year.

In the open letter, university chiefs said: "USS is one of the very best pension schemes in the country, with average payments in retirement worth nearly three times the national average for private sector defined benefit schemes, and comparable to government backed public sector schemes.

"This will not be affected by the changes resulting from the 2018 valuation and yet UCU have announced industrial action."

They called for "constructive dialogue" with UCU members ahead of Monday, adding that disrupting students' degrees would be "deeply regrettable".

But UCU hit back, accusing them being insincere about their offer to return to the negotiating table, since their letter said that they "simply cannot afford to put more into this year's pay increases than they already have".

Jo Grady, general secretary of UCU, said: "Universities' refusal to talk about pay smacks of game playing, as they must know an offer like this creates real difficulties in trying to resolve that dispute.

"Nobody wants to take strike action, but we need to be talking about all the elements if we are to solve all the problems."

Earlier this week, a vice-Chancellor broke ranks to argue that universities can afford to pay more into the pension scheme.

Prof Anthony Forster of Essex University, said that trustees of the pension scheme were "being overly prudent in their assumptions, which undervalue assets and overestimate liabilities".

Last spring, lectures and classes were disrupted at more than 60 universities by 14 days of strikes across four weeks.

At the time, the row centred on proposals that would change the Universities Superannuation Scheme from a "defined benefit" scheme, which gives workers a guaranteed income in their retirement, to a purely "defined contribution" scheme, in which pensions are subject to fluctuations in the stock market.

Document TELUK00020191119efbj004pi




News
Online shoppers urged to beware of scams in rush to bag a bargain

Fiona Dillon 
504 words
18 November 2019
Irish Independent
IINM
1; National
9
English
(c) 2019 Independent Newspapers Ireland Ltd 

NEARLY a quarter of online shoppers admit they are willing to take a chance on clicking a link they are not sure is safe if it means bagging a bargain.

Consumers have been warned to beware of scammers as one of the biggest online shopping days of the year approaches, 'Black Friday'.

Ulster Bank today released the findings of its 2019 fraud survey in advance of the event, which takes place this year on Friday, November 29.

The Black Friday phenomenon started in the US. It is an informal name for the Friday following Thanksgiving Day, when shops traditionally slashed prices, and the concept has grown in popularity among retailers here in recent years.

The new research shows that the day has become an annual fixture on Irish calendars too, with over half of online shoppers (51pc) planning to spend the same or more online this Black Friday than last. Only 23pc of those surveyed said they would not be participating.

The research revealed that while 76pc of respondents felt they have taken all the necessary precautions to shop safely online, nearly a quarter (23pc) admitted they would sometimes take a chance on clicking a link if it promised a great deal.

Meanwhile, almost one in 10 adults who shop online claim to have shared their online banking pin or password with someone either verbally or online, with 23pc of those aged 18 to 24 having done so.

Also among the key findings of the survey was that twothirds of respondents (66pc) shop online at least once a month, with those aged 25 to 34 most likely to shop online with this frequency.

Some 38pc of online shoppers claimed they quite often or sometimes click on links without really giving thought to whether they are secure or not.

Almost six in 10 adults (59pc) who shop online claim they would not be that embarrassed to admit to their family or friends that they were a victim of online fraud.

The research also found that 30pc of online shoppers said it had been a year or longer since they reviewed or updated the software security on their laptop, tablet or PC.

Commenting on the results, cyberpsychologist Dr Ciaran McMahon said: "The Black Friday phenomenon is all about the chance to bag a bargain before a deadline.

"However, academic research shows that when faced with time pressures, we often make decisions that are more emotional and less analytical.

"Scammers are hoping that we will drop our guard."

He said cybercrime was an increasingly sophisticated enterprise, but scammers had deadlines too.

"Consumers can slow them down by simply stopping to think: is this deal too good to be true?" added Dr McMahon.

Consumers were advised to be vigilant and cautious about what they disclose on social media and take precautions to ensure their profile is private.

'Consumers can slow them down by thinking: is this deal too good to be true?'

Document IINM000020191118efbi0000g




Court Decisions
ESTATE OF BETTY ANN BANNER, also known as BETTY BANNER, Deceased (19-1911/A); Cases Released on November 13, 2019; Following decisions are dated: October 30 - November 12, 2019; DECISIONS; First Judicial Department; Bronx County; SURROGATE'S COURT

Surrogate Malave-Gonzalez 
504 words
15 November 2019
New York Law Journal
NYLJ
p.22, col.5
Volume 262; Issue 96
English
Copyright 2019 LexisNexis, a Division of Reed Elsevier, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

ESTATE OF BETTY ANN BANNER, also known as BETTY BANNER, Deceased (19-1911/A) - In this uncontested proceeding, the nominated executor, the decedent's daughter who is her sole distributee and testamentary beneficiary, seeks to probate an instrument dated April 11, 2007 and requests that no effect be given to certain handwritten alterations contained therein. Prior to filing the probate petition, the daughter sought to be appointed administrator of the decedent's estate.

The decedent died on February 16, 2019, at the age of 82. The propounded instrument was attorneydrafted and supervised, consists of three typewritten pages, bears the signatures of three witnesses and contains an attestation clause, to which an affidavit of attesting witnesses is appended. On the lower half of the first page of the typewritten instrument, there is a handwritten circle around the last sentence and the notations "changes; Frenchie Slade not Jack Slade [the alternate residuary beneficiary] - not well - ill," and on page two there is a handwritten ink check mark immediately to the left of paragraph FIFTH, the word "changes" at the margin to its right and a line drawn through "JAMES SLADE as my executor"; and the notation "(Explain)" is handwritten immediately to the left of Paragraph SIXTH.

In support of the probate petition, the daughter filed an affidavit stating that it was only after she filed a petition seeking letters of administration that she discovered the propounded instrument among her mother's household effects; she is familiar with her mother's handwriting; and it appears that the handwritten notations on the propounded instrument were made after its execution. The petitioner continues that these handwritten notations were made by the decedent because the petitioner's husband, James Slade, became ill and died on September 10, 2015. She submits a letter from the attorney drafted who supervised execution of the original will, stating that the decedent was given her original will after execution and enclosing a photocopy of the executed instrument that contains no alterations.

The proof establishes that the handwritten alterations to pages one and two of the instrument occurred after its execution, do not comply with the statutory formalities and cannot be given testamentary effect (see EPTL 3-4.1; Matter of Martinez, NYLJ, Dec. 31, 2007 at 37, col 4 [Sur Ct, Bronx County 2007]).

The court is satisfied that the testator executed the will dated April 11, 2007 in its original form in compliance with the statutory requirements, and that, at the time of execution, the testator was competent to make a will and was free from restraint. Accordingly, the will is admitted to probate in its original, unaltered form (see EPTL 3-2.1, SCPA 1408), and the petition seeking letters of administration is hereby dismissed.

Decree signed.

October 31, 2019

Document NYLJ000020191115efbf0004h


Lifestyle,Money
Currys PC World kicks off Black Friday 2019 with early bird offers

By Chantelle Symester 
504 words
14 November 2019
10:40 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2019 Trinity Mirror 

The first offers are now live with the tech giant dropping its prices on Nintendo Switch bundles, Dyson V8 vacuums, LG smart 4K HD TVs and more

Back Friday is officially on November 29.

But that hasn't stopped a whole host of top retailers setting out their stalls and showing off their sales goods with some cracking early bird offers.

Currys PC Worldhas been teasing massive price drops since last week, hinting at offers that will be hard to match.

And earlier this week, the tech giant was briefly selling a new Apple iPad for £4!

The pricing glitch was caused by a system error and meant shoppers received an astonishing £285 discount.

The deal appeared in online baskets when ahoppers used the discount code FREECASE - designed to offer customers a free £30 case when they bought the 9.7 inch 2018 Apple iPad (32GB).

The iPad usually carries a price tag of £319 - although it has now been reduced to £289 in the early bird Black Friday sale.

Bag yourself a free Nintendo Switch or 4K TV with EE's new mobile phone deals

And nowCurrys PC Worldhas unveiled the first of many 'Why Wait' deals that are available for shoppers to snap up online at currys.co.uk and in stores across the UK.

The price cuts include plenty of incredible products across all major categories including home entertainment, kitchen appliances and computing.

The early deals are perfect for anyone eager to get theirChristmas shoppingsorted and avoid the chaos of Black Friday.

Top brands like Dyson, Nintendo, LG and more feature in the deals, which will continue throughout November.

Highlights for the first wave of discounts include £100 off the Dyson V8 Cord-free vacuum cleaners, now £299 and £45 off the best-selling Nintendo Switch with Pokemon Sword or Shield game bundles, now £279.

Browse all the Currys PC World Black Friday deals

Speaking about the decision to go early with deals this year, Zeena Hill, Go To Market Planning Director for Dixons Carphone said: "Each year, Black Friday continues to prove itself as a key shopping date for customers.

"At Currys PC World, we're pleased to give shoppers an opportunity to purchase amazing technology at great prices now, ahead of the rush on 29th November."

Nintendo Switch & Pokémon Sword or Shield game - £279 (save £44.99)

HP Pavilion 14-ce3506sa 14" Laptop - Intel® Core? i3, 128 GB SSD, Silver - £349 (save £180)

LG GSL961PZBV American-Style Fridge Freezer - Stainless Steel - £849 (save £450)

KITCHENAID Artisan Stand Mixer (Black) - £279 (save £20)

DYSON V8 Absolute Cordless Bagless Vacuum Cleaner (Nickel & Iron) - £299 (save £100)

LG OLED55B9PLA 55" Smart 4K Ultra HD HDR OLED TV with Google Assistant - £1,099 (save £500)

Browse all the Currys PC World Black Friday deals

Amazon Prime hack gives shoppers early access to Black Friday deals

Appliances

Computing

Smart tech

Gaming

TV & Audio

Cameras

Whats On Widget

Document DRECRONL20191114efbe001e3




News
Super splash out

Tamsin Rose and Ellen Whinnett 
504 words
14 November 2019
Herald-Sun
HERSUN
HeraldSun
2
English
© 2019 News Limited. All rights reserved. 

THE superannuation giant investing the nest eggs of millions of Australian workers has been splashing out on lavish sponsorship and corporate hospitality, including tickets to an American baseball game, golf tournaments and CFMEU dinners.

IFM Investors, which is owned by 27 Australian industry funds, has spent millions on sponsorship, hospitality and marketing since 2014.

Its members include teachers, nurses, tradies and workers on the minimum wage including cleaners and hospitality workers.

Documents seen by the Herald Sun show the Melbourne-headquartered IFM bought tickets valued at more than $6000 to a Boston Red Sox baseball game, $14,000 for CFMEU dinners and $21,000 on reusable coffee cups.

More than $68,000 was spent on golf days and tournament sponsorships over the five-year period.

In April, $50,000 was given to the Australian Ballet through sponsorship and $2000 was spent at ski championships in the US.

IFM also spent $1300 with the Progressive Business Association, which raises funds for the Victorian Labor Party, and $9644 for "development of talking points for IFM investors expansion'' in 2017.

The figures are contained in documents provided by IFM Investments to the House of Representatives' standing committee on economics, ahead of public hearings next week.

The committee is looking at the superannuation sector in the wake of the Hayne royal commission into the big banks and financial institutions, and pressuring the fund managers to explain how spending on sponsorships and corporate entertainment provides value for their clients.

"Why are teachers, nurses and hospital cleaners' superannuation being used to send executives to Boston Red Sox games?" committee chairman Tim Wilson said.

"Superannuation is a model of trust, but when industry super executives are living the high life on the super of low-paid workers, that trust is broken." Mr Wilson, Liberal member for the Victorian seat of Goldstein, said the "culture of greed'' identified in the finance sector by the Hayne royal commission was also at play in the superannuation field.

"It's clearly still going on inside industry superannuation funds at the expense of low-paid worker's retirement security," he told the Herald Sun.

IFM Investments, set up almost 25 years ago to invest the pooled funds of a group of Australian union superannuation funds, is now a global business with $152 billion of funds under management.

Chaired by former ACTU head and Labor minister Greg Combet, it has offices in Melbourne, Sydney, New York, London, Berlin, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Seoul and Zurich and owns a sizeable portion of assets in Australia including Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide airports.

Through a subsidiary, it has a 30-year deal with the Victorian government to own, operate and maintain Southern Cross Station.

An IFM Investors spokesman described the spending as "modest". "Our expenses, sponsorship and marketing activity is modest for a global fund manager of our size," the spokesman said.

"Our sponsorship of union events is a normal activity given they are a stakeholder."tamsin.rose@news.com.au

Document HERSUN0020191113efbe0001l




Warren, Clyburn say solution for student debt vital for HBCUs

504 words
10 November 2019
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2019, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Claflin University; Orangeburg, SC - news

By SARINA PARKER and JORDAN JAMES

Warren, Clyburn say solution for student debt vital for HBCUs

By: SARINA PARKER and JORDAN JAMES

Nov 10, 2019

Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Congressman James Clyburn conduct a town hall meeting at S.C. State. (Panther photo by Tariq Edwards)

With 45 million Americans holding more than $1.5 trillion in student loan debt, S.C. Congressman James E. Clyburn and Massachusetts Sen. and Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren are proposing a legislative solution.

The two held a town hall meeting at South Carolina State University on Oct. 9 to promote their Student Loan Debt Relief Act. They selected historically black S.C. State as a site to emphasize the negative impact of student debt on students at HBCUs.

"Student loans impact many students and graduates across the country, but we are paying close attention to the impact it has on students and grads at historically black colleges and universities," Clyburn said.

"We're disproportionately crushing a generation of students of color," Warren said. "That is not how a country builds a future and we gotta change that."

Clyburn said HBCUs and the students they educate are vital.

"HBCUs take diamonds from the sea islands and other underserved communities and they take those students and help turn those diamonds from roughness to valuable commodities," he said.

"We're not going to get this through before 2021. ... We want to lift it up now, we want to build momentum, we want to build pressure behind it," Warren said of the legislation she is sponsoring along with Clyburn.

The Student Loan Debt Relief Act would substantially reduce the black-white and Latina-white wealth gaps, while increasing wealth for black and Latinx families.

"We wipe out the existing student loans debt and then we set up pathways so nobody has to take on this debt ... in the future," Warren said.

The act would cancel up to $50,000 in student loan debt for borrowers with $100,000 or less in household gross income. Also, it would provide automatic cancellation using data already available to the federal government about household income and outstanding student loan debt.

Clyburn and Warren say the legislation will boost the economy through:

? Consumer-driven economic stimulus

? Improved credit scores

? Greater home-buying rates and household stability

? Higher college completion rates

? Greater business formation

The elected leaders point to the damage student debt is doing to individual economies and to the economy overall.

"If you don't have anybody who's dealing with student loan debt, you still should care because it is affecting our entire economy," Warren said.

They argue that stagnant wages, labor market discrimination and rising costs of living have made it nearly impossible for individuals to repay their student debt.

Over the last five years, student loan debt has grown by 30% in the Palmetto State, according to Experian.

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020191110efba00161




Money
Mamas & Papas goes into administration just six days after Mothercare

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
9 November 2019
03:23 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2019 Mirror Group Ltd 

The company, which had 27 stores and three concessions, said its remaining stores will continue to trade as normal, as well as its digital, wholesale and concession arms

High street childrenswear chain Mamas & Papas has gone into administration just days after Mothercare's collapse.

The retailer has axed six stores and made 73 staff redundant with immediate effect -a further 54 roles are now at risk at its Huddersfield head office.

Bluegem Capital, which has owned the business since 2014, has bought the company assets through a pre-pack administration which will cut some of its financial liabilities.

Mamas & Papas said its unprofitable stores in Aberdeen, Preston, Milton Keynes, Lincoln, Leamington and Fareham closed on Friday as a result.

The administration, conducted by Deloitte, came after it was put under pressure as its shoppers moved online and high street footfall continued to decline.

The company, which had 27 stores and three concessions, said its remaining stores will continue to trade as normal, as well as its digital, wholesale and concession arms.

However, it has announced plans to "simplify" operations at its head office in Huddersfield, which could lead to further job losses.

It was founded in 1981 in Huddersfield by David and Luisa Scacchetti and rapidly grew but was bought by Bluegem after a restructuring process five years ago.

Riccardo Cincotta, executive chairman of Mamas & Papas, said: "These actions are always difficult but they are also necessary in a challenging market to ensure Mamas & Papas achieves its considerable future potential.

"We remain fully focused on maintaining our position as the UK's most popular nursery brand.

"We will continue to review our store portfolio in the light of customers' changing behaviour and we remain fully committed to an omni-channel offering that reflects their evolving needs."

The retailer said all customer orders, including outstanding orders placed with the closed stores, are unaffected by the administration and will be "delivered on time without disruption".

Which Mamas & Papas stores have now closed

Aberdeen: 8, Union Square Shopping Complex, 4 East Terrace, Aberdeen AB11 5RD

Preston: Deepdale Retail Park, Unit H1b, Blackpool Rd, Preston PR1 6QY

Milton Keynes: Unit 1A Winchester Circle The Kingston Centre MK10 0BA

Lincoln: Unit 18, 19 St Mark's Square, Lincoln LN5 7EX

Leamington: Unit J Shires Retail Park, Tachbrook Park Dr, Royal Leamington Spa CV34 6RH

Fareham: Whiteley Shopping Centre, Whiteley Way, Fareham PO15 7PD

All remaining Mamas and Papas stores now at risk

* Birmingham, Gallagher, Gallagher Retail Park

* Nottingham, Giltbrook Retail Park

* Swindon, Mannington Retail Park

* Mamas & Papas concession, Next store, Hayes

* London, Westfield White City Shopping Centre

* London, Westfield Stratford City Shopping Centre

* Farnborough, Blackwater Shopping Centre

* Croydon, Purley Way Centre

* Mamas & Papas, Next Home store, Bristol

* Thurrock, Lakeside Retail Park

* Manchester, Trafford Centre

* Huddersfield Factory Shop

* Leeds Birstall Retail Park

* Liverpool Speke

* Southampton, West Quay Retail Park

* Hull, Kingston Retail Park

* Cardiff, Capital Retail Park

* Stockton, Teeside Shopping Park

* Gateshead, Team Valley Retail Park

Document MIRUK00020191108efb80050m




General News
Children 'will have to wait'

504 words
29 October 2019
The New Zealand Herald
NZHLD
A012
English
Copyright 2019 NZME Publishing Ltd. 

Caitlin, a 27-year-old Wellington professional, pays $235 a week towards renting a room in a flat with her partner and sees $200 a fortnight go out of her wages to pay off her $60,000 student loan. She says starting a family will have to wait.

"I wouldn't want to have children when I'm renting," she says.

"I had to move this year when the landlord wanted to put the rent up by $200 a week. We offered to pay $100 more and they refused, and I don't want to be in that situation if I have children.

"I would like to own a house and then think about it, but that's five or 10 years away.

"And I'm in a privileged position. I have quite a secure job, I have a regular salary. There would be lots of people in a much worse position than I am."

Landscape architect Lance Millward, 47, says he and his wife Joleen, a teacher, went to Japan in 2001 after graduating so they could earn enough to pay off student loans of about $52,000 between them.

"At the time it was very good income there and the cost of living was cheaper than Auckland," he says.

But the cost was postponing their family.

"Our children are 8 and 11 now, most of my friends have high school-aged kids, so you end up with everything quite a lot delayed," he says.

"That means you're kind of forced into having a smaller family unless you take the risk of having children after 40, which they don't recommend."

Student loans have only been one factor in delayed home ownership and childbearing.

They made up only 4 per cent of total NZ household after-tax annual incomes by 1998 and 9 per cent today, while total household debts have soared from 75 per cent of after-tax household income to 125 per cent.

A 2003 study by Waikato University economists John Gibson and Grant Scobie found that the chances of a non-partnered person owning their home were reduced by 60 per cent if they had an outstanding student loan, after allowing for age, income sources and other factors.

But they found the opposite effect for couples. Couples were actually 11 per cent more likely to own their own homes if they had a student loan, even after allowing for other factors - perhaps because of factors that could not be measured such as stable career paths and perseverance.

Consequently, Gibson and Scobie found that student loans had no significant effect on the number of children that people had.

A study this year by Wellington economist Isabelle Sin and Stanford's Ran Abramitzky found that domestic students completing bachelor's degrees between 2005 and 2013 were slightly less likely to have children within six years of graduating if they had bigger student loans when they graduated, but again the difference was not statistically significant.

Document NZHLD00020191028efat00014


Pensions
Govt urged to fund pensions for mothers and carers

Maria Espadinha 
504 words
28 October 2019
09:19 PM
Financial Adviser - Magazine and Web Content
FADV
English
© 2019 Financial Adviser 

The government should pay the minimum auto-enrolment contribution to the private pensions of women who leave work to care for their children or elderly relatives, a think tank has said.

In its second report on how the 100-year life may affect Britain's society, published today (October 28), the Social Market Foundation made five recommendations for action as it warned longer lives could amplify existing differences between male and female earnings and savings.

In Gender equality and the 100-year life, the think tank wrote: "As people retire later, the length of time in work will increase and wage disparities may continue to increase.

"This has the potential to deepen the divide between the financial position of men and women during and after their working lives."

To stop the gap widening, the government should consider paying into the pension pots of women who take time out of work to care for others, it stated.

In 2016, the Office for National Statistics estimated that a woman on maternity leave carries out weekly unpaid work with an economic value of £762.75, well above the average regular weekly wage.

Applying the current 3 per cent auto-enrolment minimum contribution to such a value would mean a new government contribution of £22.88 per week, or £1189.89 per year, to that woman's pension pot.

The think tank also recommended it should be mandatory for companies to publish their pension policies when advertising job vacancies, with the goal to encourage workers to pay more attention to their long-term pension accumulation.

According to the SMF the Financial Conduct Authority also has a role to play in this area, as its data on individuals accessing their pension pot could be split by gender to highlight any differences in the decisions being made.

According to Kathryn Petrie, chief economist at the SMF, rising lifespans are a good thing, "but if we don't have the right policies to respond, they could amplify financial differences between men and women".

She added: "We should celebrate the 100-year-life but also accept that it has the potential to deepen the divide between the financial position of men and women during, and after, their working lives.

"To prevent the pension gap widening further, the government should consider contributing directly to the pension pots of individuals who take time out of the labour market to have children or to care for family members.

"For all the strides we've made towards equality, social attitudes that push women to give up work to care for children and parents remain strong.

"As well as trying to give women and men more flexibility and choices, government policies should do more to help women with the financial implications of taking time out of work."

maria.espadinha@ft.com

What do you think about the issues raised by this story? Email us on fa.letters@ft.com to let us know.

Document FADV000020191028efas0008d




Money
Seek some help if you are an addictive shopper

Melissa Browne 
504 words
27 October 2019
Sunday Age
SAGE
First
35
English
(c) 2019 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.theage.com.au

There is a lot of talk about spenders and savers in the media. There are books written about shopaholics and even a movie, but very little is written about the serious side of financial compulsion and addiction.

In a US study, The Prevalence of Compulsive Buying, researchers discovered that compulsive shopping affects about 6 per cent of people and women are nine times more likely to be affected than men. However, I believe that compulsive buying is likely to increase for men with the evolution of digital commerce. It is simply much faster and easier to spend now than ever before.

The researchers discovered shopping addiction can have many harmful consequences. Among compulsive shoppers:

58 per cent have large debts.

42 per cent can't make their debt payment.

45 per cent experience guilt about their shopping.

33 per cent are criticised by friends and family about their shopping.

8 per cent have financial legal problems.

8 per cent have criminal legal problems.

While the book series Shopaholic might seem cute and funny, compulsive shopping isn't a laughing matter. Shopping is something we're actively encouraged to do by the advertising industry, retailers and our peers. As a result, compulsive shopping is often normalised.

Unfortunately, as with other addictive behaviours such as gambling, compulsive eating or substance abuse, raw willpower doesn't always work to help you stop.

A review of a compulsive buying disorder study (among others), found that 92 per cent of compulsive shoppers try on their own to curb their shopping habits without success, until they address an underlying problem. That's because shopping is often a coping mechanism.

Now, some people might read this and think people over-shop because they are bored or unmotivated. This is different - it's compulsive, it's secretive. It's also something that while you experience an initial high, the truth is you're deeply ashamed of your behaviour.

If you have compulsive and addictive financial behaviour (I've only mentioned shopping but it may also be gambling) there are organisations that can help.

If you're in debt, speak to a counsellor at the National Debt Hotline on 1800 007 007.

There are also organisations such as Good Shepherd Microfinance, who offer no-interest loans and fair and affordable financial programs to people on low incomes. Or seek help from a registered therapist.

The truth is, our modern life is handing so many of us who have compulsive tendencies with the right tools to ruin our financial futures. From mobile shopping to easy access to credit and buy-now-pay-later apps, it's easier than ever before to fall into financial trouble and not know how to stop.

If you suspect you suffer from financial compulsion or addiction, don't give in to shame. Understand this issue is real and seek help.

Melissa Browne is author of Unf*ck Your Finances and creator of the My Financial Adulting Plan.  

Document SAGE000020191026efar0001x


News
TUE Employers urged to help boost pensions

Rachel Muller-Heyndyk 
504 words
21 October 2019
HR Magazine
HRMAG
English
© 2019 MA Business Limited. All rights reserved. 

Employers may have to step in to narrow the savings gap on pensions, according to research from Mercer

Now in its eleventh year, the Melbourne Mercer Global Pensions Index (MMGPI) compares 37 retirement systems across the globe and covers almost two-thirds of the world's population. It intends to highlight the broad spectrum and diversity of the world's pension systems, demonstrating that even the world's best systems have shortcomings.

This year it ranked the UK in 14th place globally and graded it a C+, with an overall value index score of 64.4. The Netherlands had the highest index value (81), and has consistently held first or second position for 10 out of the past 11 MMGPI reports. Thailand had the lowest index value at 39.4.

The UK ranked highly on integrity, with a score of 84 out of 100. But it ranked low on sustainability (55) and adequacy, which was scored at 60.

Recommendations for improving the UK's system centred around raising the minimum pension for low-income ??, and increasing contributions to workplace pension schemes and coverage for self-employed.

For each sub-index, the highest scores were Ireland for adequacy (81.5), Denmark for sustainability (82.0) and Finland for integrity (92.3). The lowest scores were Thailand for adequacy (35.8), Italy for sustainability (19.0) and Philippines for integrity (34.7).

Globally, the research showed a strong correlation between the levels of pension assets and net household debt, with growth in household debt in developed and growth economies paired with the growth in assets held by pension funds.

Benoit Hudon, head of wealth at Mercer UK, said employers should be doing more to improve the UK's 'adequacy' rating and ensure employees have enough to retire on. "The UK retirement system's strong score for integrity needs to be matched by improving adequacy, in other words what people actually receive in retirement," he said.

He added that better education around pensions could increase engagement: "A lack of understanding of what they will receive and what they will actually need in retirement has led to a gap in retirement savings for many employees. This begs the question as to whether employers should play a greater role, both in educating and supporting their workforce.

"Taking a more active role in securing employees' retirement could support engagement and productivity, and help attract top talent,."

While each pension system has a unique set of circumstances, the report highlights that there are common improvements which can be made to the challenges all regions face, added David Knox, senior partner at Mercer and author of the study.

"Systems around the world are facing unprecedented life expectancy and rising pressure on public resources to support the health and welfare of older citizens," he said. "It's imperative that policymakers reflect on the strengths and weaknesses of their systems to ensure stronger long-term outcomes for the retirees of the future."

Document HRMAG00020191022efal00007




View
This is almost the worst possible Brexit deal - but at least it's a deal; Last-minute agreement doesn't remove economic problems

By Pierre Briançon 
504 words
18 October 2019
02:42 AM
Financial News
LONFIN
English
© 2019 Financial News Ltd. All rights reserved. 

Boris Johnson has signed a deal he said he didn't need, creating a border he didn't want, under the authority of a Court he didn't accept, to be submitted to a Parliament he doesn't control.

The one "great" thing about the agreement with the European Union that the UK prime minister hailed Thursday is that it reduces the possibility of a hard Brexit, and the associated foreseeable economic crisis.

But beyond the forex market's obvious relief at the possible end of three years of uncertainty - the pound jumped almost 1% on the news, before reversing - this is still a deal that will hurt the British economy.

On a scale of 1 to 10 - from no-pain, remain in the EU to maximum damage, no-deal Brexit - the agreement concluded just a few hours before an EU leaders summit in Brussels registers as an 8 or 9.

Its economic impact will be worse than the deal negotiated by Johnson's predecessor Theresa May and rejected three times by the UK Parliament earlier this year. That is true both in the short term and in the long term.

In the short term, it leaves the UK outside the customs union where it would have stayed under the infamous "backstop" negotiated by the previous government. But more uncertainty is also hanging over the near term economic future.

The dearth of investment in the last three years has been the main drag on the UK economy, which explains why the country's GDP is now 1-to-3% lower than it would have been if voters had opted for remain in 2016.

New elections are looming, setting up a border in the Irish sea is rife with practical difficulties, and starting talks with the European Union on a future trade deal will prove challenging after so much goodwill evaporated in the last three months.

The economy will also suffer in the longer term. Reduced trade with the EU and limits on immigration will hit the economy. The UK in a Changing Europe, a think tank, estimates that compared to remaining in the EU, GDP would be lower in ten-year's time by between 2.3% and 7% - a bigger hit than if the May deal had been approved.

But the political background will count too. Johnson's government is not seeking to conclude with the EU an agreement on a "future relationship" that would keep both sides closely intertwined. It is just seeking a bare-bones free trade deal, meaning it will pay an economic price for its political choices.

READ 'We just want to get back to doing proper work': City reacts to new Brexit deal

Pierre Briançon is a senior writer for Financial News' parent company, Barron's Group.

To contact the author of this story with feedback or news, email Pierre Briançon

Document LONFIN0020191017efah000rt


Money
Royal Mint names rarest 50p coins in circulation - here's how much they're worth

By Emma Munbodh 
504 words
14 October 2019
10:41 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2019 Trinity Mirror 

The most sought after of them all - the 2009 Kew Gardens 50p - sells for around the £400 mark online

The rarest 50p coins in circulation have been named by the Royal Mint to mark half a century since the piece was introduced.

The 50p coin, which entered circulation on October 14, 1969, is considered to be the most collectable in Britain today, the Royal Mint said.

But it is the2009 Kew Gardens 50p designwhich remains the nation's rarest coin, with just 210,000 created.

The special edition coin has beenchanging hands for more than £500online as collectors try to snap the valuable coin up.

Meanwhile, mintage figures from 2018 show the 2011 Olympic wrestling design is the second rarest 50p coin in circulation, with 1,129,500 produced.

It is followed by the 2011 Olympic football design, of which 1,161,500 were created.

There were 29 different designs released to celebrate the 2012 Olympic Games, with some produced in smaller numbers than others - on average, these sell for around the £7 mark, with the Wrestling design averaging at around £40 on eBay.

Most valuable and rare 50p coins in circulation - and you could have one

The Royal Mint's director of currency, Andrew Mills, said: "The official 2018 mintage figures provide a guide to the volume and variety of coins in 50p circulation today.

"Coin collecting remains as popular as ever in the UK, and October marks 50 years of the iconic 50p, widely considered to be the most collectable coin."

The rarest 50p coins produced in 2018 featured the Beatrix Potter characters Peter Rabbit and Flopsy Bunny - each with a mintage of 1.4 million.

Rare money: Have you got any of these?

The Royal Mint said one of the most "significant" 50p coins released into circulation last year commemorated the 100th anniversary of The Representation of the People Act.

The coin, which depicts key beneficiaries of the act including a woman holding her ballot, a soldier and a suffragette, was produced nine million times.

Every coin in circulation is struck at the Royal Mint's facility in Llantrisant, South Wales.

The Royal Mint said the 50p coin replaced the ten-shilling note and was entered into circulation in readiness for the decimal switchover of Britain's currency.

Royal Mint to re-release some of its rarest coins - including the Kew Gardens 50p

2009 Kew Gardens: 210,000

2011 Olympic wrestling: 1,129,500

2011 Olympic football: 1,161,500

2011 Olympic judo: 1,161,500

2011 Olympic triathlon: 1,163,500

2018 Peter Rabbit: 1,400,000

2018 Flopsy Bunny: 1,400,000

2011 Olympic tennis: 1,454,000

2011 Olympic goalball: 1,615,500

2011 Olympic shooting: 1,656,500

Not got any of these in your change? The originalBeatrix Potter 50p coinsare alsostill exchanging hands for more than £504 online- you can read all about therarest coins in circulationhere.

Document DRECRONL20191014efae001mf


News
Candidates share their ideas on addressing housing shortage

Ron Grech 
The Timmins Daily Press
504 words
5 October 2019
Timmins Daily Press
TMNSDP
Final
A1 / Front
English
Copyright © 2019 Timmins Daily Press 

Housing shortages continue to be a significant issue in ridings across the country including Timmins-James Bay.

During the federal all-candidates'debate held at the Porcupine Dante Club this week, the four candidates who attended the event - Charlie Angus who is running for the New Democratic Party, Michelle Boileau of Liberal Party of Canada, Kraymr Grenke of the Conservative Party of Canada and Renaud Roy of the People's Party of Canada - were asked how their respective governments would provide incentives for new housing and help address the shortage of accommodations.

Grenke: "As we look to expand our markets here in the North, we have to ensure our supports are with those who want to move here. That's a prime example where we have to ensure we are investing ... we need to invest in infrastructure. We want people to have good value on the piece of property and the building that they're investing into" so they can get good "resale value down the road. By ensuring that we have those points in place, moving forward, that the value can be attained and to ensure there is essentially enough housing availability for people."

Angus: "We need to get a national housing program. Unfortunately, the Liberal government housing program put in less money than the previous Conservatives. We need to double the first-time homeowner credit. We need to allow for the 30-year mortgages. We have to take the HST off new housing starts so we can kick-start investment ... We need to start putting housing projects on the ground, particularly in Timmins where we see seniors with young families, and with Indigenous families as well."

Roy: "Forty per cent of the immigrants coming to Canada get established in cities of Toronto and Vancouver. So you can imagine that puts a very heavy load and it limits the amount of housing available. In, for example Iroquois Falls, we have seniors that have actually invested into non-profits and non-departmental organization but it's working in cooperation with CDSSAB (Cochrane District Social Services Administration Board). And I believe we can establish a lot of these things but not under the complete control of the government. Government should be a facilitator and not so much a provider."

Boileau: "We (the Liberals) do have a national housing strategy that was just introduced, and so definitely it's a question of maintaining that and continuing to build on that ... We also see additional investment on top of the $200.7 million that was invested back in the 2016 budget; additional investments on top of that for senior housing so to encourage construction, renovations, and adaptation to make seniors housing more accessible. So definitely there is a plan to add stock to housing."

While all five candidates were invited to participate, Max Kennedy, who is running for the Green Party of Canada, was not able to attend due to work commitments.

Document TMNSDP0020191005efa50002u




5 Easy Ways To Plan A Vacation On A Budget

Lindsey Conger 
504 words
4 October 2019
10:10 PM
Benzinga.com
BNZNGA
English
Copyright 2019. Benzinga.com 

Taking a vacation doesn't have to cost you a fortune, especially if you can be flexible about the location, timing and activities. Make sure to decide on your budget and define your priorities. Once you have established that, you can begin to plan your dream vacation.

Here are five tips on how to vacation on a budget.

Plan A National Park Vacation

The United States has some gorgeous parks that are right in your backyard. It's a great way for you to see an unforgettable landscape, see wildlife in its natural habitat and learn more about the culture of the local people.

Each year, the National Parks will offer five free days to all their parks.

You could also consider purchasing an inexpensive pass that allows you to visit more than 2,000 parks around the country.

Travel During The Offseason

Visiting locations is one of the best ways to save money. However, you do have to deal with the weather not being as ideal. The good news is that not only is it usually cheaper, but there are also fewer crowds as well. Rome is much more pleasant in the offseason then when you have to fight the crowds to see the Vatican.

Of course, peak season varies from place to place. Doresearch online to see more about what your dream location's peak season is.

Jump On Deals

Many different airlines, like Southwest (NYSE: LUV), will offer fares for low prices. As long as you are willing to be flexible about your dates and travel location.

If you have your eyes on a cruise, make sure to book during the promotional periods. Many cruises will offer deals in the first few months of the new year. Norwegian Cruise (NYSE: NCLH) and many other cruise lines will slash their prices to encourage people to book cabins.

See Also: How To Financially Prepare For Vacation

Use Credit Rewards Points

Another fantastic way to plan a vacation on a budget is to sign up for a rewards credit card like Discover It (NYSE: DSF) Miles. Many of the travel credit cards will give you huge bonus points if you spend a certain amount of opening the cards.

Most of the time, those points can be cashed in for a free flight, hotel stays, or give you cashback. All the money you spend on your vacation can be cashed in later for fun on later holidays.

Find A Vacation Close By

If you can't afford an expensive plane ticket or an extended vacation, there are likely tons of options for vacations within a few hours of your house. Try to find an amusement park that you haven't gone to before, or go to a small lake nearby for a peaceful day at the beach.

Your vacation doesn't have to break the bank to be fun and memorable!

© 2019 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.

Document BNZNGA0020191004efa40002t




Students: Don't Miss Out on Crucial Financial Aid Dollars

504 words
1 October 2019
03:15 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2019    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

NASFAA resources can help demystify the process of applying for student financial aid. 
 

WASHINGTON, Sept. 30, 2019 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- As temperatures drop and the leaves start to change colors, we're heading into a new season. Yes, fall is upon us, and it's also the start of a new financial aid cycle. The Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, for the 2020-21 academic year will become available to students and families on Tuesday, October 1 and the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators (NASFAA) has resources to help applicants complete the form without issues.

NASFAA encourages students to complete the FAFSA online or via the myStudentAid mobile app, rather than submitting a paper FAFSA, as the electronic versions utilize skip-logic that prevents students from having to answer questions it's clear don't apply to them based on their previous answers. There is no hard deadline to submit the FAFSA, but because many states and colleges use the FAFSA to determine eligibility for non-federal student aid funds that may have limited funding, the sooner a student submits the FAFSA, the more aid they could be eligible for.

However, rushing through the application isn't recommended, as data-entry mistakes can slow down the process. Students can cut down on errors by using the Internal Revenue Service's online Data Retrieval Tool to import their financial information directly from their tax returns into the FAFSA, rather than entering it manually. They can also reduce errors by referring to NASFAA's recently updated checklist of what students should have on-hand in order to file their FAFSA and list of common FAFSA errors to avoid.

"Millions of dollars in student aid funds get left on the table every year because qualified students fail to complete their application," said NASFAA President Justin Draeger. "We know the process can be confusing, but we urge you not to let unasked questions or an unsubmitted application be the obstacle that stands between you and obtaining the funds to pursue a higher education. Financial aid administrators on college campuses all over the country stand ready to help current and prospective students navigate the process of applying for student aid."

To request an interview with a NASFAA spokesperson about what students and parents should know before filing the FAFSA, please email powerse@nasfaa.org or call (202) 785-6959.

About NASFAA

The National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators (NASFAA) is a nonprofit membership organization that represents more than 28,000 financial aid professionals at nearly 3,000 colleges, universities, and career schools across the country. NASFAA member institutions serve nine out of every ten undergraduates in the United States. Based in Washington, D.C., NASFAA is the only national association with a primary focus on student aid legislation, regulatory analysis, and training for financial aid administrators. For more information, visit http://www.nasfaa.org.

SOURCE NASFAA

/Web site: http://www.nasfaa.org

(END)

Document PRN0000020190930ef9u000jt




Attorney Chase Howard Joins Florida Healthcare Law Firm

504 words
21 September 2019
07:33 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2019    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 


Florida Healthcare Law Firm adds experienced Attorney Chase Howard to the team to further depth with medspa compliance and medical business contracts. 
 

DELRAY BEACH, Fla., Sept. 20, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Florida Healthcare Law Firm has announced that they have added lawyer Chase Howard to the team. Chase has fantastic business experience and specializes in healthcare legal areas including medspa compliance, physician employment, new physician employment contracts, new medical business start-up agreements and estate planning. Many of these areas are already covered by the firm but the demand for experienced attorneys has increased with the rapid growth of medical businesses, especially online.

"You have so many businesses coming up online that do not have a physical office, but they still see patients, using telehealth, for instance. There are CBD and medical marijuana companies who also want to start marketing and selling their products and need legal guidance. Believe it or not, medical-related businesses have grown by over 50% in the past five years and that's a trend that isn't going to stop anytime soon. To ensure quality of care, government regulations must be followed. For many of these small business owners, this is more than they are ready to take on themselves and that's why they need legal assistance. We are ready to help," says Florida Healthcare Law Firm COO Autumn Piccolo. Founder and President, Jeff Cohen, goes on to say that "Chase's passion for helping new physicians fresh out of residency and desire to impact medical practice and medspa start-ups are both areas which have been traditionally underserved by healthcare lawyers. His skills are much needed in the industry and will broaden the depth our Firm already provides."

Chase will also be contributing to the monthly webinar and blogs held by the firm. The law firm has an industry-leading reputation for their heavy focus on community education through their newsletter, blogs and webinars, which provide updated and free information on trending topics in the medical field. Anyone who owns or manages a medical business is free to read the blogs and view the monthly webinar. Dates and topics are announced on social media and viewers can also request new topics to be covered.

"We know that it's impossible to stay up on the latest trends in the healthcare industry. There's more opportunity than ever for small business owners and doctors alike. Think about a doctor who has their own practice and now wants to add telehealth as a delivery system. Who can they go to for some basic information? We love these blogs and webinars because it gives us a chance to connect with former and potential clients and provide them with valuable information."

Photo(s):

https://www.prlog.org/12790056

Press release distributed by PRLog

View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/attorney-chase-howard-joins-florida-healthcare-law-firm-300922699.html

SOURCE Florida Healthcare Law Firm

/Web site: https://www.floridahealthcarelawfirm.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020190920ef9k000fx




How to Protect Yourself From Financial Fraud

504 words
15 September 2019
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2019, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Bowling Green State University ; Bolwing Green, OH - news

By

(StatePoint) There are more than 300,000 professional financial advisors in the U.S. It's fair to say that a majority are dedicated to helping their clients achieve their financial goals. However, some unethical individuals seek to take advantage of clients' trust and lack of financial knowledge to benefit themselves.

You should look for any signs of fraudulent or unethical practices when working with a financial advisor. These include:

- Not receiving any reports on your investments, or only getting them directly from your advisor.

- Your advisor completing forms for you. A well-intentioned but careless financial professional can get your information wrong; an unethical professional might falsify data.

- Receiving information from your advisor not on company stationery or sent via a personal email address. Your advisor could be offering you an opportunity that his employer does not know about.

- Your advisor pressuring you to make quick decisions on a recommended transaction, which may be described as a "limited time offer" or presented when you are going through a major life change, such as a personal loss.

- Your advisor offering an opportunity that sounds too good to be true -- such as a high-return investment without risk -- or declining to provide details about the opportunity because "it's too complicated."

These behaviors could be red flags that you are vulnerable to financial abuse. Fortunately, there are several simple steps you can take to protect yourself from unscrupulous advisors:

- Ask your financial professional if they are a fiduciary. This obligates them to base their recommendations on your best interests, fully disclosing any conflicts of interest (actual, potential or perceived). If your advisor avoids the question or doesn't understand the term, go elsewhere.

- Get confirmation, in writing, that the advisor's employer or company approves and supervises recommended investments. If your financial professional is a sole practitioner, verify that she carries professional liability insurance.

- Always ask your advisor how much a proposed transaction will cost you and if he will get paid from the recommended transaction.

- Tell your advisor when you don't understand something. Ethical professionals will be happy to explain. If you don't understand the explanation, ask for it to be put in simpler terms.

- Make sure you receive regular statements from independent third-party sources or verify that the investment manager is audited annually by a reputable independent accounting firm.

- Never leave blanks in paperwork that someone else could fill in without your knowledge or consent. Ask your advisor to send you copies of all final, submitted documents.

For more tips to ensure your financial security and to find a Certified Financial Planner professional near you, visit letsmakeaplan.org.

Identifying and avoiding the potential for financial fraud or malpractice is key to a successful, trustworthy partnership with your financial advisor that will help you achieve your goals.

*****

Photo Credit: (c) fizkes / iStock via Getty Images Plus

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020190915ef9f000m4




Business
Realtors demand looser mortgage rules; Also call on federal candidates to boost first-time buyers credit

Miriam Lafontaine Toronto Star 
504 words
13 September 2019
The Toronto Star
TOR
ONT
B1
English
Copyright (c) 2019 The Toronto Star 

Real estate boards across the country are calling on federal candidates in next month's election to support loosening mortgage stress tests, saying that will make it easier for Canadians to buy homes.

"The federal government should view the stress test as a flexible policy and adjust it based on changing economic trends and interest rates," the Toronto Real Estate Board wrote in a statement released Thursday morning.

Introduced in 2018, the mortgage stress test requires potential buyers - even those with a down payment of 20 per cent or more - to demonstrate that they can afford a mortgage (or home equity line of credit) at a rate two percentage points above the rate being offered or at the Bank of Canada's five-year benchmark rate, whichever is higher.

The stricter mortgage rules were introduced by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions to shore up the underwriting of banks as Canadian household debt hit record levels. The stress test also helped to cool overheated housing markets in Toronto and Vancouver.

Real estate boards representing realtors from Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver and Edmonton, as well as real estate associations in Quebec and Nova Scotia, have all signed on to Thursday's statement.

The coalition of about 92,000 realtors is also calling on parties to reinstate 30-year mortgages and replace the $750 first-time home buyers tax credit with a $2,500 non-refundable one instead.

They argue the current guideline enforces a "one-size-fits-all solution" that's to the detriment of many.

"Quebec's home ownership rate continues to lag, according to the 2016 census, as it stands at 61 per cent in Quebec compared to more than 70 per cent in Canada's other provinces," Julie Saucier, the president of Quebec Professional Association of Real Estate Brokers, said in the statement.

"We believe that there needs to be better support offered to buyers of residential properties, particularly first-time buyers."

In April, CIBC World Markets deputy chief economist Benjamin Tal released a report showing at least half of the $25-billion decline in new mortgages since 2018 was due to the introduction of the stress test.

The Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. has maintained in the past that mortgage stress tests are needed to prevent property price inflation. "My job is to advise you against this reckless myopia and protect our economy from potentially tragic consequences," CMHC president and CEO Evan Siddall wrote in May in a letter to the Standing Committee on Finance.

Siddall said banks have supported the loosening of the regulation only because they're backed by a guarantee from the federal government.

"I doubt they'd be as cavalier if it were their risk," he told the Star in late May. "Critics of the stress test ignore the fact that high house prices are the overwhelming reason why home ownership is out of reach."

Document TOR0000020190913ef9d000iq




Saving & banking
Sharia bank Al Rayan launches a 1.6% easy access account less than a week after Marcus disappointed savers

George Nixon For Thisismoney.co.uk 
504 words
13 September 2019
01:53 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2019 

* Last week Marcus cut its rate to 1.45% ending its year-long reign at the top

* Following that easy access rates fell across the board

* However Al Rayan Bank has now launched a new top easy access rate

There's a new, and unusual, name at the top of the easy access savings tables.

Just one week on from Marcus Bank cutting its market-leading 1.5 per cent rate to 1.45 per cent and other providers following suit, leading to a gloomy outlook facing easy access savers, one bank has launched a rate higher than Marcus's in its prime.

Sharia bank Al Rayan has entered the easy access savings market for the first time, launching an account that pays 1.6 per cent, considerably higher than the next best offers from Cynergy Bank and Marcus.

The account can be opened online, by phone, or in the bank's branches in Birmingham, Bradford, Glasgow, Leicester, London, Luton or Manchester.

It is worth noting that Al Rayan is a Sharia-compliant bank, which means it cannot pay a guaranteed interest rate.

Instead it pays an expected profit rate, which can change the same way a variable interest rate on an easy access account can.

While this is the bank's first foray into the easy access market, it has offered an easy access cash Isa paying 1.35 per cent since April last year.

That rate nestles among the higher-paying easy access Isas in This is Money's tables, but is hardly a best buy and did not suggest the bank would be launching a rate which blew other providers out of the water.

However, in the fixed-rate market Al Rayan and fellow Sharia bank Gatehouse have consistently offered among the best rates. Right now Al Rayan offers the best rate in our tables on one, two and three year fixed-rate deposits, paying 2.07 per cent, 2.32 per cent and 2.42 per cent, respectively.

Given how Marcus helped drag up the rates offered by easy access accounts when it launched a year ago offering 1.5 per cent, there is a possibility Al Rayan has a similar effect if this account sticks around.

Anna Bowes, co-founder of website Savings Champion, said: 'It's an interesting move from a lesser known provider which has offered competitive rates on its fixed term bonds for quite some time now.

'But this is a competitive move into a new part of the market for Al Rayan. It's an excellent rate, especially under the current conditions and will be interesting to see if it causes other providers to up their game.'

Al Rayan allows account holders to deposit up to £1million into its easy access account, but only deposits up to £85,000 will be covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.

Document DAMONL0020190912ef9c006vf




In Brief
Schiff Hardin Expands Estate Planning Practice With Ex-UBS Wealth Strategist

Samantha Stokes 
504 words
12 September 2019
New York Law Journal
NYLJ
p.4, col.2
Volume 262; Issue 52
English
Copyright 2019 LexisNexis, a Division of Reed Elsevier, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Schiff Hardin is growing its estate planning practice, adding three attorneys in New York and Chicago, including Stephen Liss, a former UBS strategist who advised high-net-worth families.

Liss joined Schiff Hardin's New York office as a partner in its private clients, trust and estates practice group. The firm also announced Wednesday that Lisa Lukaszewski joined the firm's practice as counsel from Neal, Gerber & Eisenberg while Anna Luna joined as an associate from Ernst & Young. Both will be based in Chicago.

The trio's move comes as Schiff Hardin's revenue has dipped in recent years, according to ALM data. The firm said earlier this year that it was leaning into its trusts and estates practice, as well as other practices that other firms are overlooking.

Liss previously worked as a senior wealth strategist at UBS Financial Services and Barclays. Before that, he was a partner at Withers Bergman.

Schiff Hardin said that during his time in financial services, Liss helped domestic and international high-net-worth clients on income and estate tax planning matters, planned charitable giving and sophisticated life insurance structures.

Liss said that experience will help him as he transitions back into private practice and that he plans to use relationships he's cultivated through his years in financial services to grow his practice.

"It will be nice to be able to see a project from inception to completion," he said in an interview, explaining that while at UBS and Barclays, he was a subjectmatter expert who taught clients about what options were available to them, but did not work with them from start to finish. Now, he hopes to bring his two expertise areas of law and financial planning together at Schiff Hardin.

"I'm excited to use my experience to integrate legal and financial planning and explore how a financial planner can help a client," he said.

His decision to join Schiff Hardin was also influenced by relationships he already had with attorneys there.

"I had worked with their lawyers before, and I had a really good sense of who did quality work based on what they actually produced, compared to who [in the legal industry] just talked about doing good work," he said, noting that a number of Schiff Hardin partners were certified by the American College of Trust and Estate Counsel.

"This has been an important department for [the firm] for a long time," he said about Schiff Hardin's private clients, trust and estates practice group. "They have a really supportive culture. They're just good, decent people, and I knew that coming in."

In a statement, Thomas Abendroth, leader of the firm's private clients, trusts and estates practice, complimented Liss' combined experience in private practice and working directly with clients and advisers while at UBS. He said Liss has a "strong background with counseling private clients and handling complex tax work from his years in private practice."

Document NYLJ000020190912ef9c0000k




Waters Opening Statement at Hearing on Student Loan Debt Crisis; House Financial Services Committee News Release

504 words
10 September 2019
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2019 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

Today, Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D-CA), Chairwoman of the House Financial Services Committee, gave the following opening statement at a full Committee hearing entitled, "A $1.5 Trillion Crisis: Protecting Student Borrowers and Holding Student Loan Servicers Accountable."

As Prepared for Delivery

Good morning. Today this Committee convenes for a hearing to examine the student loan debt crisis. It appears that this may in fact be the first ever full Committee hearing in this Committee's history focused on student lending and the many financial ramifications it has for student borrowers. Given the scale of the crisis at hand, it is long overdue. I thank Congressman Al Green, Chairman of our Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, for convening a Subcommittee hearing on this subject earlier this year, and look forward to building on the insights from that hearing during our conversation today.

According to the Federal Reserve, Americans collectively have over $1.6 trillion in student loan debt. That's more than credit card debt, and more than car loan debt, trailing only mortgage debt. More than 44 million people carry student debt averaging almost $33,000. Around 9 million borrowers with federal student loans are currently in default. The burden of student loan debt is preventing young people from saving for retirement, starting small businesses, starting families, and becoming homeowners. This crisis is affecting people across the country, and ultimately it negatively affects our entire economy.

Nevertheless, Trump's Education Secretary, Betsy DeVos, has consistently taken actions that are harmful for those with student loans, and the Trump Administration's appointees to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau have also undermined key protections. Just last month, the Trump Administration appointed as Student Loan Ombudsman a former executive of a major student loan servicer that is being investigated by several state attorneys general for illegal student loan servicing practices.

I am pleased that we are joined by an outstanding panel of witnesses today, including witnesses who have personally dealt with student loans, have used their positions to raise awareness about the student debt crisis, or who have fought on behalf of consumers against the harmful practices of student loan servicers.

The Education and Labor Committee has an important role to play in this matter, but this Committee does as well, given the need to strengthen protections for student loan borrowers and conduct oversight in the area of student loan servicing. Today we will discuss a series of bills that are designed to help student loan borrowers in a variety of ways. These bills include creating a comprehensive student borrower bill of rights, strengthening credit reporting standards, stopping private debt collectors from going after vulnerable student borrowers, protecting private student loan borrowers, and helping borrowers with student debt purchase their first home. Congress - and this Committee - have a responsibility to take action to ensure student loan borrowers are better protected.

Read this original document at: https://financialservices.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=404289

Document CONGDP0020190911ef9a00006




New "Retire4Real" Online Game Will Help Teens Understand the Importance of Investing for Retirement

504 words
6 September 2019
12:05 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2019    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

Junior Achievement and leaders in retirement services industry develop online game to help Gen Z be better prepared to achieve a secure retirement 
 

COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Sept. 5, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- Junior Achievement USA (JA) and leading organizations in the retirement services industry have developed a new online game, called Retire4Real, to help teens understand the importance of investing early for retirement.

According to Secure Retirement Institute research, just 16% of American workers believe they are saving enough for retirement. Compounding this is the fact that many workers are not saving for retirement at all: 30% of millennial workers and 21% of Generation X workers have not begun to save for retirement. Retire4Real is designed to show teens the benefits of investing for retirement and to encourage them to begin as soon as they have their first job out of school.

The project is an initiative of the LIMRA LOMA Secure Retirement Institute (SRI) was made possible with the support of the following organizations: 


 
-- Allianz Life Insurance Company  -- Pacific Life 
-- JP Morgan                       -- Raymond James 
-- Lincoln Financial Group         -- Sammons Annuity Group 
-- Nationwide                      -- Voya 
 

"Most young adults could begin putting money away for retirement in a 401(k) or Roth IRA when they get their first job, but the reality is many don't," said Jack E. Kosakowski, president and CEO of Junior Achievement USA. "While there are several factors behind this, a basic lack of understanding when it comes to retirement planning is certainly one of them. We appreciate the support of the retirement services industry in helping JA get this critical information to today's teens."

About Junior Achievement USA(R) (JA)

Celebrating its centennial in 2019, Junior Achievement is the world's largest organization dedicated to giving young people the knowledge and skills they need to own their economic success, plan for their future, and make smart academic and economic choices. JA programs are delivered by corporate and community volunteers, and provide relevant, hands-on experiences that give students from kindergarten through high school knowledge and skills in financial literacy, work readiness and entrepreneurship. Today, JA reaches more than 4.8 million students per year in 106 markets across the United States, with an additional 5.2 million students served by operations in 100 other countries worldwide. Junior Achievement USA is a member of JA Worldwide. Visit www.ja.org for more information.

About LIMRA LOMA Secure Retirement Institute

The LIMRA LOMA Secure Retirement Institute provides comprehensive, unbiased research and education about all aspects within the retirement industry to improve retirement readiness and promote retirement security. For information on the LIMRA LOMA Secure Retirement Institute, visit: www.limra.com/sri.

View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-retire4real-online-game-will-help-teens-understand-the-importance-of-investing-for-retirement-300912398.html

SOURCE Junior Achievement USA

/CONTACT: Ed Grocholski, Junior Achievement USA, (719) 540-6165, ed.grocholski@ja.org

/Web site: http://www.JA.org

(END)

Document PRN0000020190905ef95000k6




sport
Bury staff missing thousands of pounds from pension pots

Martyn Ziegler, Chief Sports Reporter 
504 words
5 September 2019
01:09 AM
thetimes.co.uk
TIMEUK
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2019 

Tens of thousands of pounds of pensions contributions taken from staff members' salaries by Bury Football Club appear to have disappeared, it can be revealed.

The latest development in the financial scandal surrounding Bury, who were expelled from the Football League last week, comes after

police confirmed they have launched a fraud inquiry

into the club.

Two former academy employees at the club have told

The Times

that their pension pots only contain a few pounds despite two years of paying pension contributions. The employer contributions to match the staff contributions have not been paid into their pension funds either. The club has admitted to a pensions deficit of £100,000.

Andy Tower, who was the Bury academy's head of coaching until last week, and the former head academy physio Josh Birtwistle said they believed all the academy and first team staff were in the same boat.

Tower said that he was alerted to the failure to pass on the contributions last year when the former owner Stewart Day was still in charge. No pension contributions have been made since Steve Dale took over the club in December.

Tower said: "Not only have we not received contributions from the club, but the payments that were taken from our salaries have not been paid in there either. This goes back two years and there is just £5 in my pension fund when there should be more than £2,500.

"It goes back to the previous regime and lots of people raised it at different times. The club's explanation was always that, 'We know there's an issue and we are looking into it but the money is there.' But if the money is there, where exactly is it?"

Birtwistle, who is also missing around two years of pension payments, has only £3.63 in his pension fund. He said he had raised an internal complaint earlier this year and eventually had to take time off work due to the stress before leaving the club in May.

He said: "Eventually I realised I had to get out of there. I had previously worked at Leyton Orient when it had been going through its problems and I saw all the same warning signs. Everyone I knew among the academy staff and the first-team staff are missing contributions."

Birtwistle said he sent five emails to Inquesta, the insolvency practitioners supervising the company voluntary arrangement (CVA) which was proposed to cut Bury's debts, before receiving a response that it would take six to eight weeks for it to investigate.

The pension issue was admitted by Inquesta's Steven Wiseglass in his CVA proposal to creditors on June 21.

He said that "No payments have been made into the [pension] scheme for a significant period of time" and that "the club has estimated it to be a deficit of £100,000".

Wiseglass and Dale did not respond when contacted for comment.

Document TIMEUK0020190904ef94000mm




Money
Landlords charge 'pet rent' to recoup losses after ban on unfair fees

Robert Booth Social affairs correspondent 
504 words
3 September 2019
11:58 PM
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2019.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

Practice has emerged since new law designed to save renters in England money

Landlords are charging "pet rent" running into hundreds of pounds a year in an attempt to recoup losses from a ban on unfair letting fees enforced by the government this summer.

The new practice means tenants with animals are being charged up to £50 a month additional rent for a single pet, adding considerably to the cost of housing at a time when more and more families are priced out of buying and rely on rented homes.

One landlord in Bicester in Oxfordshire is asking £40 per pet in monthly rent in a two-bedroom home that already costs £995 a month for the human occupants. It means a family with a dog and two cats would face a yearly animal rent of over £1,400. Another in Cheltenham is asking £50 a month for "four-legged friends" with exemptions for fish or hamsters. Several landlords are seeking pet rent only for "clawed" pets.

"In certain letting agencies it seems to be a standard term in agreements," said Darren Baxter, a renter currently searching for a new home in York with his partner, two children and cocker spaniel Padfoot. "It seems exorbitant given the potential damage a pet can cause. We went to one place where they wanted a reference for the dog. That was ridiculous."

He said it was another example of how people who cannot afford to buy are disadvantaged in terms of being able to enjoy some of the basics of family life.

One letting agent said the new practice had only emerged since June, when landlords were banned from charging cleaning fees at the end of a tenancy or demanding an additional pet deposit as a result of total deposits being capped at five weeks' rent.

Before the Tenant Fees Act 2019, which was supposed to save renters across England £240m a year, landlords often asked for pet deposits of around £150, repayable at the end of the tenancy. Pet rents now mean they have no choice but to pay more.

"The only way to do it is to charge higher rent," said Karolina Misiukiewicz, administrator at Elliot Oliver, an estate agent in Cheltenham. "It's a new thing for us. In our experience we haven't taken extra for hamsters or gerbils and definitely not fish."

Dozens of adverts for homes demanding pet rent can be seen on the rental websites Rightmove and Zoopla, along with many more refusing to take pets.

Half of UK adults own a pet, with 11 million owning cats and almost 9 million owning dogs, according to the veterinary charity PDSA. At the same time more and more families are having to rent. A quarter of families in England rent privately, reaching nearly 1.6m last year, more than double the number recorded in the government's English Housing Survey a decade earlier.

Document GRDN000020190903ef93001ur


News
Advice fees vary by 1,000 per cent

Craig Rickman 
504 words
1 September 2019
Money Management
MONMAN
1; National
13
English
© 2019 Money Management 

New research highlights significant divergence in fee structures

Adviser fees for retirement advice can vary by up to 1,000 per cent, new research has found, at the same time as an expert revealed other charging models are starting to gain traction.

A survey conducted by consumer champion Which? asked 108 advisers how much they would charge for advice in three different scenarios, and the results revealed a vast degree of disparity.

In the first scenario, advisers were asked to quote costs for someone approaching retirement, and aiming to start drawing an income, with £100,000 in savings, £150,000 in a pension, and £100,000 in an investment Isa.

The maximum quote from intermediaries was £5,000, 10 times more expensive than the lowest (£500).

Other examples revealed a similar trend. Scenario three described a client with no mortgage and "comfortable" savings, with a £100,000 inheritance to invest. Results again were wide-ranging, with the maximum fee at £3,000, the minimum once again at £500, and the average £1,980.

Scenario two took a difference stance, as the individual expressed a need to start saving for a child's education, instead of looking for advice on lump sums. But a vast disparity in fees was still evident. The cheapest, at £300, was still £2,200 lower than the most expensive.

Advice costs have come under increasing pressure in recent weeks, with the Financial Conduct Authority stepping in after finding that some models present a risk to consumers in certain areas of advice.

The regulator's recent proposal to ban contingent charging for defined benefit to defined contribution transfers is a case in point.

Anecdotally at least, changes are occurring in the way intermediaries charge for advice. In an article responding to the FCA's proposed contingent charging ban, Abbie Knight, founder of Discus, said that over recent years there had been a notable increase in advisers moving towards a "menu-forservice" model.

This involves time-costing each piece of work and applying an appropriate profit margin. The fee can then be adjusted for cases that require additional resource due to time or complexity.

Ms Knight said: "This menubased charging approach is built on the premise that the process and steps involved in delivering each service remains the same, irrespective of the size of the investment.

"The menu model ensures clients only pay for the service they receive - a stark contrast to the traditional percentagebased charging model." A further issue of relevance to advisory fees has been the number of consumers feeling priced out of advice, resulting in the much-publicised advice gap. The FCA is revisiting this area via its analysis of the Retail Distribution Review and the Financial Advice Market Review, but its assessments are not due to be published until next summer. craig.rickman@ft.com

'The menu model ensures clients only pay for the service they receive - a stark contrast to the traditional percentagebased charging model'

Document MONMAN0020190902ef9100033




Money
PPI claims: consumers hit by online and phone problems as deadline looms

Rupert Jones 
504 words
30 August 2019
02:15 AM
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2019.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

Santander apologises for IT glitch and other banks report long call-waiting times

Consumers making last-minute claims for mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) have had to deal with crashing websites and jammed phone lines as banks struggled to cope with an 11th-hour surge in complaints.

While the final deadline for making a claim is 11.59pm on Thursday 29 August, the problems prompted the Financial Conduct Authority to say that "where a firm knows that customers may have had trouble accessing their services (whether website or phone) ? then we would expect them to apply a pragmatic approach to dealing with complaints received immediately after the deadline".

Several banks have had problems with their websites, with some potential applicants being confronted with "internal server error" messages. The glitches were blamed on exceptionally high web traffic.

Santander apologised for "a brief technical issue earlier this morning [29 August]", which meant customers were unable to access its online PPI claim form. The bank said: "This has now been resolved and we're sorry for the inconvenience caused to customers." Nevertheless, some people have continued to report problems with the bank's website.

The Co-operative Bank said its online PPI form was "intermittently unavailable between 1.15pm and 2.45pm due to a technical issue". It added it was continuing to monitor the availability of the form.

At NatWest, some potential complainants who clicked on its PPI complaint form were greeted by a message saying: "Due to system problems, we are unable to progress your application at present ? Please try again later."

Meanwhile, customers of several banks have reported long waiting times to get through on the phone.

On Twitter, one customer asked Royal Bank of Scotland: "why can't I get through to your PPI line????????? Says busy kept trying! Ongoing claim....not good enough!"

Another asked RBS : "Why isn't PPI number working!!!! #Dodgy."

The bank replied: "This is due to the high call volumes. Please try again later ?"

Martin Lewis, founder of the MoneySavingExpert website, had warned that some websites could crash and said consumers unable to make a claim because of technical problems must be given time to do so.

He said: "As predicted, there is unprecedented last-minute demand for reclaiming PPI ? And that huge demand is causing even major bank systems to creak and struggle.

"The obvious first advice is to take time, be prepared and be patient. However, it is simply not fair or right that people who have tried to submit a claim before the deadline and have been disenfranchised by bust bank tech miss out."

PPI is Britain's costliest consumer scandal, with £36bn paid out by UK banks to compensate people who bought often-worthless insurance cover, thinking it would help them repay debts in the event of sickness or unemployment. The average payout has been about £2,000. Of the total, £340m was paid out in June alone.

Document GRDN000020190829ef8t001uw




Press Release: Lincoln Financial Group Names Industry Veteran as Senior Vice President, Life & Annuity Operations

504 words
27 August 2019
11:30 PM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2019, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

Lincoln Financial Group Names Industry Veteran as Senior Vice President, Life & Annuity Operations

Christopher Fleming brings 25 years of industry experience to Lincoln Financial


RADNOR, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--August 27, 2019-- 

Lincoln Financial Group (NYSE: LNC) announced today that Christopher Fleming has joined as senior vice president and head of Life & Annuity Operations. In this role, Fleming will focus on accelerating the company's efforts to enhance the customer experience and continue to improve internal operating efficiency. He will report directly to Jamie Ohl, executive vice president, president Retirement Plan Services, head of Life & Annuity Operations.

This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190827005440/en/

Christopher Fleming, Senior Vice President, Life & Annuity Operations, Lincoln Financial Group (Photo: Business Wire)

"Chris has deep, significant experience in the industry, and tremendous expertise in working with operations teams to build and maintain a model for the best customer experience," said Ohl. "With his deep knowledge of all aspects of operations, specifically in life and annuities, Chris is an ideal leader to help foster growth and innovation."

Fleming has more than 25 years' industry experience. He joins Lincoln Financial from Fidelity & Guaranty Life, where he served as senior vice president, Operations and IT since 2011. Prior to that role, he was with ING for seven years. Earlier in his career, Fleming led business development and cost leadership at AIG and started his career at GE. Fleming earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the Ohio State University and is based in Greensboro, NC.

About Lincoln Financial Group

Lincoln Financial Group provides advice and solutions that help empower people to take charge of their financial lives with confidence and optimism. Today, more than 17 million customers trust our retirement, insurance and wealth protection expertise to help address their lifestyle, savings and income goals, as well as to guard against long-term care expenses. Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE:LNC) and its affiliates. The company had $260 billion in assets under management as of June 30, 2019. Lincoln Financial Group is a committed corporate citizen included on major sustainability indices including the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America and FTSE4Good. Dedicated to diversity and inclusion, Lincoln was recognized by Forbes as one of the Best Large Employers, Best Employers for Diversity, and Best Employers for Women. Lincoln also earned perfect 100 percent scores on the Corporate Equality Index and the Disability Equality Index. Learn more at: LincolnFinancial.com. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram. Sign up for email alerts at http://newsroom.LFG.com.

LCN-2699040-082219

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190827005440/en/


 
    CONTACT:    Media contact: 

Lucy MacNichol

Lincoln Financial Group

T: 484-583-2926

Lucy.MacNichol@LFG.com

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

August 27, 2019 09:30 ET (13:30 GMT)

Document DJDN000020190827ef8r001oh




News
Armed Forces caught in pensions tax trap

Danielle Sheridan 
504 words
27 August 2019
The Daily Telegraph
DT
1; National
10
English
The Daily Telegraph © 2019. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

Senior personnel face hefty bills as they are hit by reforms aimed at squeezing top earners

Political CORRESPONDENT THOUSANDS of members of the UK Armed Forces have been trapped by a government pension reform aimed at restricting tax breaks for high earners. Some senior services personnel are even rejecting promotions rather than face a financial loss as a result of the pension rules, said Tobias Ellwood, the former defence minister.

In 2017-18, 3,840 members of the Armed Forces breached their annual tax-free pensions savings limit, exposing them to hefty tax bills. This was a near-quadrupling of the 1,010 breaches recorded in 2015-16.

Earlier this month the Treasury said it would review the controversial rules introduced by George Osborne, the former chancellor, which restricts higher earners from putting more than £10,000 annually into their pension pot without facing taxes.

The standard allowance allows people to save £40,000 before the charges apply, but the threshold can fall to as low as £10,000 for those with incomes of more than £110,000.

The figures come as the Government is trying to stem a staffing crisis in the NHS involving doctors reducing their hours to avoid tax bills for breaches of their annual pension allowance.

Mr Ellwood said: "I know good people who have chosen to avoid getting their third star because they are lured by jobs in Civvy Street but also put off by what their new pensions contribution will be.

"Ultimately, the absence of realterms increase in defence spending will mean that issues such as this will not be addressed. The reason why people leave the Armed Forces, why retention is difficult, is because of what they're doing off the battlefield - the welfare side and pay."

Official Government figures showed that recruitment is increasing but the Army, with 74,400 regular fullytrained troops, is more than 7,000 short of the target figure of 82,000 - a deficit of almost 10 per cent.

Mr Ellwood said if the issue was going to be sorted out it had to be "right across the board for police and for doctors as well as everybody who moves into a pay bracket, which means that they trip this pensions contribution".

Matt Hancock, the Health Secretary, previously wrote in The Daily Telegraph that a "major overhaul" would allow senior doctors in England and Wales to "take on additional NHS work and be fairly rewarded for it without the worry of an unexpected tax bill". Major General Neil Marshall, chief executive of the Forces Pension Society, told the Financial Times: "This is by no means restricted to the most senior officers or defence medical service personnel only.

"Our research suggests that around 10 per cent of those affected are from the non-commissioned ranks."

He added: "The potential impact of the pension tax is rapidly becoming a key factor many service personnel consider when deciding their future commitment to the Armed Forces."

Document DT00000020190827ef8r0005q




The Island
Suspected killer's father seeks video of son's 'last will and testament'

Roxanne Egan-Elliott 
Times Colonist
504 words
25 August 2019
Victoria Times Colonist
VTC
Final
A4
English
Copyright © 2019 Victoria Times Colonist 

The father of one of the Port Alberni men suspected of killing three people in northern B.C. is fighting to get access to a video containing his son's "last will and testament."

The search for Bryer Schmegelsky, 18, and Kam McLeod, 19, spanned several provinces and lasted almost three weeks. The bodies of the two teens were found Aug. 7 in northern Manitoba. They died of self-inflicted gunshot wounds.

In an Aug. 21 email to Alan Schmegelsky's lawyer, the RCMP acknowledge the existence of a video in which Bryer Schmegelsky describes what he wants to happen to his body after his death.

The RCMP say the video has been released to Bryer Schmegelsky's mother as his next of kin, and they will not be sharing the video with his father.

The email also says police plan to release information about the video to media in the next couple of weeks, and ask that this information be kept private.

Alan Schmegelsky's lawyer, Sarah Leamon, said he wants access to the video in order to find closure after his son's death.

"Like any father, my client is just seeking to have access to his son's last will and testament so that he can get some final closure on the situation," Leamon said. "He's been unable to do that without access to the video."

Leamon said she is keeping all options open to obtain access to the video for Schmegelsky.

The RCMP did not respond to requests for comment.

Bryer Schmegelsky and McLeod were charged in the death of 64-year-old Leonard Dyck, whose body was found July 19 two kilometres from the pair's burned-out pickup truck near Dease Lake.

The pair are also suspects in the deaths of 24-year-old American Chynna Deese and 23-year-old Australian Lucas Fowler. The couple were found July 15 on the side of the Alaska Highway, near Liard Hot Springs. They had been shot and killed.

Schmegelsky and McLeod were initially considered missing, but RCMP later announced they were suspects in the three homicides.

The search for the two Port Alberni men spread from northern B.C. to Gillam, Man., where their bodies were found in dense brush on Aug. 7.

RCMP said the two had been dead for a number of days before their bodies were found, but the exact date of their deaths is not known. They were found about eight kilometres from a burnedout Toyota Rav4 belonging to Dyck.

Two firearms were found with the bodies, and a forensic analysis is underway to determine whether the weapons are connected with the three homicides. regan-elliott@timescolonist.com

Laura Kane, The Canadian Press / Alan Schmegelsky, father of Bryer Schmegelsky, in Mill Bay.; Laura Kane, The Canadian Press / Alan Schmegelsky, father of Bryer Schmegelsky, in Mill Bay.    [VITC_20190825_Final_A4_01_I001.jpg]; 

Document VTC0000020190825ef8p0000h


Jeffrey Epstein signed a will two days before his death

504 words
20 August 2019
EFE News Service
WEFE
English
© Copyright 2019.    EFE News Service.    All rights reserved. 

Washington DC, Aug 19 (EFE).- Multi-millionaire financier and accused sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein, who committed suicide in prison earlier this month, signed his will two days before his death, according to court documents.

Epstein's lawyers filed the will - which valued Epstein's estate at $577.6 million - in the United States Virgin Islands, according to the New York Post daily, which was the first to report the news of the will on Monday.

Details of the beneficiaries are not included in the document, which groups all of Epstein's assets into a trust called The 1953 Trust.

In the absence of a will, Epstein's only brother, Mark, was presumed to be his heir.

Epstein's properties include two islands located in the US Virgin Islands: Little St James, valued at $63 million, and Great St James, valued at $22 million.

Epstein had a mansion on the Little St James island, which the FBI raided after his death and where he allegedly organized parties and orgies with minors.

Epstein's properties also included a townhouse in New York City - one of the largest private homes in Manhattan, valued at $55.9 million - a ranch in New Mexico ($17.2 million), a mansion in Palm Beach ($12.4 million) and an apartment in Paris ($8.7 million).

The will also lists $56.5 million in cash, $112 million in stocks and bonds, another $14 million in fixed-income investments, as well as luxury cars, airplanes and boats worth $18.5 million.

The lawyers of Epstein's alleged victims have asked the government to confiscate his properties to pay damages to the victims as the trial against him can no longer be held.

Epstein was arrested on July 6 after landing in New Jersey on his private jet and was subsequently charged with sex trafficking of minors crimes similar to those he faced over a decade ago in Florida. On that occasion, he ended up evading severe punishment after reaching a very advantageous deal with federal prosecutors.

The prosecution team was headed by ex-Labor Secretary Alex Acosta, who was recently forced to resign from his cabinet post in the Trump administration after The Miami Herald published an in-depth investigation into Epstein's extraordinarily lenient plea deal.

Epstein was being held without bail inside a federal prison in New York City while awaiting trial.

Following a failed suicide attempt on July 23, he finally killed himself on Aug. 10.

Although the coroner confirmed suicide as the cause of death, the fact that Epstein was not under surveillance after the first attempt has given rise to multiple conspiracy theories given his friendships with high-profile figures such as US Presidents Donald Trump and Bill Clinton or the United Kingdom's Prince Andrew.

Days after his suicide, the warden of the jail where Epstein was being held, Shirley Skipper-Scott, was removed and two staff members were placed on administrative leave. EFE

at/pd/dl

Document WEFE000020190820ef8k0005p


Raise state pension age to 75 and boost 'employee-tailored' mid-life MOTs, says think-tank

Holly Roach 
504 words
19 August 2019
Professional Pensions
PROFPEN
English
© 2019 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

The Centre for Social Justice is calling for the state pension age to be raised to 70 by 2028 and to 75 by 2035, a much faster rise than currently planned.

Former work and pensions secretary Iain Duncan Smith's think-tank has proposed the acceleration would be aided by "improvements to workplace support and healthcare" for older employees.

The government's current legal schedule anticipates the state pension age rising to 67 by 2028, and then to 68 between 2044 and 2046, although law is expected to be enacted to make the latter happen by 2039.

The report - published yesterday (18 August) - suggests that without increasing in opportunities for older workers, individuals, businesses and the economy will suffer.

It also suggests raising the state pension age to 75 could boost the UK gross domestic product by more than £180bn and increase the demand for goods and services as household incomes would be significantly higher.

Additionally the paper argues the mid-life MOT, suggested by John Cridland in his independent review of the state pension age, "currently fails to be a holistic tool and is ill-suited to initiate a meaningful conversation between employers and employees".

It recommends employee-tailored, holistic mid-life MOTs should be implemented by employers to discuss wealth, work and health. The report notes this should include discussion about opportunities for flexibility, workplace adjustments and training opportunities.

Rather than being understood as retirement support, this structure should be "conceptualised as a support tool" for older workers to enable those that want to, to continue work.

A number of providers, including Aviva and Legal & General, have rolled out mid-life MOTs, while the government has launched a website dedicated to the idea. However, a House of Lords committee has also said "a good deal more thought" is needed as the schemes are in danger of "missing those most in need of support".

Royal London pensions specialist Helen Morrissey said: "While such proposals will undoubtedly save money, raising the state pension age so quickly will cause huge issues for many retirees who will not have been given adequate time to prepare.

"We need to give careful thought to what kind of jobs people in their 70s are able to do and, while some people will be able to work on for longer, others simply won't be able to. These people will face severe financial hardship if they have not saved enough into a pension to cover the years between leaving work and claiming state pension. The government needs to think carefully before taking such drastic action."

Prolonging working life could also boost savings for those in part-time work or in the gig economy, the think-tank said. It also suggests workers could transition from full-time to part-time work over a longer period of time in order to balance caring responsibilities or manage a health condition.

To view photo, click here.

Document PROFPEN020190819ef8j0002t




Business
US mortgage debt hits record

Harriet Torry 
504 words
13 August 2019
The Australian - Online
AUSTOL
English
© 2019 News Limited. All rights reserved. 

US mortgage debt reached a record in the second quarter, exceeding its 2008 peak as the global financial crisis unfolded.

Mortgage balances rose by $US162 billion in the second quarter to $US9.406 trillion ($13.8 trillion), surpassing the high of $US9.294 trillion in the third quarter of 2008, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said on Tuesday.

Mortgages are the largest component of household debt. Mortgage originations, which include refinancings, increased by $US130bn to $US474bn in the second quarter. The figures are nominal, meaning they aren't adjusted for inflation.

"The big picture is that when you look at mortgages, which is the biggest piece of [household debt], it still looks pretty healthy," said Michael Feroli, chief US economist at JPMorgan Chase, noting that while household debt had grown, so had incomes.

The milestone for mortgage debt has been long in the making. Americans' mortgage debt dropped by about 15 per cent from the 2008 peak to the trough in the second quarter of 2013 and has climbed slowly since then.

Total household debt has been on the rise since mid-2013. It rose by 1.4 per cent from the first quarter to $US13.86 trillion.

Still, the household debt picture is much different in 2019 than it was 11 years ago, since lending standards are tighter and less debt is delinquent today.

The second quarter saw a steep drop in the 30-year mortgage rate, which boosted borrowers' incentive to take out a mortgage or refinance. The average rate on a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage dropped below 4 per cent in May for the first time since early last year.

"What's more interesting is when you look at the service burden, we don't have more debt," said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Grant Thornton.

Still, the housing market has been crimped by low inventory and high prices. Home prices hit a new nominal peak in September 2016 and have continued to climb since then.

Alongside higher home prices, a factor behind rising mortgage debt balances in the second quarter could be homeowners tapping into home equity for cash when they refinance.

Refinancing accounted for about half of new mortgages in the second quarter, according to Guy Cecala, chief executive at Inside Mortgage Finance, an industry research group. That represents a "mini refinancing boom" since the refinancing share of new mortgages was about 30 per cent in 2018, when rates were rising, Mr Cecala said.

Borrowers who refinanced in the second quarter and chose the option to cash out withdrew an estimated $US17.5bn in equity out of their homes, according to Freddie Mac, a mortgage-finance company. While that was $US2.1bn higher than the second quarter of last year, it remains well below the prerecession peak of $US84bn cashed out in the second quarter of 2006.

Despite the higher debt loads, Americans appear to be keeping up with payments, with 95.6 per cent of balances current.

Document AUSTOL0020190814ef8d001gt


Pensions
Berkeley Burke set to pay £1m after failure to comply with court order

504 words
13 August 2019
Retirement Planner
RETIPLA
English
© 2019 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

Self-invested personal pension (SIPP) provider Berkeley Burke is set to have to pay nearly £1m in compensation to claimants after it failed to comply with a court order.

After failing to comply with the order and confirming that it would not take any further part in the litigation, Berkeley Burke's defences in the group proceedings have been struck out and claimants are permitted to enter judgement.

As a group, claimants embarked on legal proceedings against Berkeley Burke when they lost money after investing in unregulated investments through its SIPPs.

Financial services barrister John Virgo represented the claimants throughout the proceedings and secured the court order, which has directed the SIPP provider to pay almost £1m as an interim payment on account of the claimants' costs, as well as the cost of the claimants' application.

According to court documents seen by RP's sister publication Professional Adviser, Berkeley Burke must pay nearly £4,000 for the claimants' costs associated with the court application in May, a further £10,000 for claimants' costs associated with a July application and an interim payment of nearly £1m on account of the claimants' costs for the legal proceedings.

On the SIPP provider's failure to comply with the court order, Clarke Willmott senior associate Laura Robinson said: "An advised defendant in court proceedings will almost certainly have appreciated what the consequences would be for openly and deliberately disengaging in the litigation, including the severe financial consequences that would result."

Addressing the possibility the firm risked falling into insolvency as a result of the costs it had been order to pay, Robinson said: "One possible explanation, where a defendant chooses this course of action, is that it simply cannot fund the proceedings any further.

"I cannot know, but if that were Berkeley Burke's situation, it's possible that the firm may slip into insolvency in light of the £1m costs order it now faces.

"Were this to happen, it seems likely the industry would pick up the bill and hundreds of those who lost out would be restricted to the compensation available from the Financial Services Compensation Scheme."

PA has contacted Berkeley Burke for comment.

Berkeley Burke v FOS

Earlier this year Berkeley Burke was granted permission to appeal the judgement delivered against it in October last year, which saw the High Court reject the SIPP provider's claim against a Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) decision.

In the original decision, the ombudsman ruled the SIPP administrator had to compensate a client after it failed to carry out appropriate due diligence on their investment.

Berkeley Burke, which facilitated the investment, argued it carried out the due diligence expected of it at the time, according to Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) rules, and that the FOS subsequently placed undue responsibility by applying FCA Principles 2 and 6 in a way that created a new and unexpected duty of care on the part of SIPP operators.

Document RETIPLA020190813ef8d0002t




Buy This, Not That
Personal Finance
This is one of the safest sunscreens you can buy right now - and it only costs $9; What's the best sunscreen for your money? Blue Lizard and Neutrogena sunscreen are among top-rated, new safe sunscreen report finds

Catey Hill, MarketWatch 
504 words
12 August 2019
09:45 PM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2019 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

What's the best sunscreen for your money? Blue Lizard and Neutrogena sunscreen are among top-rated, new safe sunscreen report finds

What's the best sunscreen for your money? Blue Lizard and Neutrogena sunscreen are among top-rated, new safe sunscreen report finds

MarketWatch has highlighted these products and services because we think readers will find them useful. We may earn a commission if you buy products through our links, but our recommendations are independent of any compensation that we may receive.


Kick off your summer with these savvy sunscreen options.

Nonprofit environmental research organization Environmental Working Group recently released its list of the safest sunscreens on the market, examining more than 1,300 products with SPF. Their conclusion: "About two-thirds still offer inferior sun protection or contain concerning ingredients." But the good news is that there are plenty that get both the highest safety rating and are very reasonably priced. Here are five of the safest sunscreens, according to EWG - all under $15 on Amazon.

Coppertone Pure & Simple Sunscreen Lotion, about $9 on AmazonThis hypoallergenic sunscreen lotion is made from naturally sourced zinc oxide lotion plus botanicals like tea leaf, sea kelp, and lotus extracts.

Blue Lizard Australian Sunscreen Lotion, Sensitive, about $14This SPF 30+ mineral zinc oxide lotion has no parabens or fragrance.

Neutrogena Sheer Zinc Dry Touch Sunscreen, about $10This water-resistant sunscreen is made with 100% zinc oxide.

Thinksport Sunscreen Lotion, about $11This SPF 50 sunscreen is water resistant and has broad-spectrum coverage.

Badger Active Natural Mineral Sunscreen Cream, about $13This simple sunscreen only has about five ingredients and no added fragrances.

Even after you buy the right sunscreen, you still have to be diligent about applying it regularly and practicing safe behavior while in the sun. The World Health Organization notes that you should apply sunscreen "liberally" and re-apply every two hours, or after working, swimming, playing or exercising outdoors."

But most people don't do this: The American Academy of Dermatology says that "most people only apply 25%-50% of the recommended amount of sunscreen." You should be applying enough to cover all your exposed skin. "Most adults need about 1 ounce - or enough to fill a shot glass - to fully cover their body," the AAD recommends. (Studies show that it only takes a handful of sunburns to dramatically increase you risk of skin cancer.) And be sure to apply it to dry skin at least 15 minutes before going outside.

Other sun rules from WHO include limiting your time in the sun, particularly between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., when the sun is strongest; looking for shade when you can (though note that even umbrellas and trees won't completely cover you); and wearing protective clothing.

Document MRKWC00020190812ef8c00231


Deadline approaching for clients with a tax-filing extension: Tax Strategy Scan; Those who fail to meet the cutoff face a hefty penalty that could hit as much as 25% of their dues.

Andrew Shilling 
504 words
6 August 2019
On Wall Street Online
OWSTOL
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2019 On Wall Street and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Our weekly roundup of tax-related investment strategies and news your clients may be thinking about.Deadline is approaching for clients who requested a tax-filing extensionTaxpayers who requested a tax-filing extension should ensure that they file their returns by Oct. 15, according to this article in Kiplinger. Not beating the deadline would result in a hefty penalty that could hit as much as 25% of their tax dues. Those who failed to pay their tax bill by April 15 deadline also face a penalty, which is 0.5% per month plus interest. After a divorce, only one parent can typically claim child-related tax breaksChild-related tax breaks can still be claimed by a parent or both parents after a divorce but they have to meet certain requirements under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.

 Parents must be categorized as the custodial parent or the noncustodial parent, generally the custodial parent is the one who can claim the tax breaks but there is also the noncustodial parent rule that can allow the noncustodial parent to claim as long as requirements are met.Will IRS pre-approve client taxes? Sometimes, yesClients can get advanced tax approvals from the IRS with a private letter ruling, but they shouldn't seek one unless they are highly likely to receive their desired answer, according to this article in Forbes. Clients receiving a "no" from the IRS can withdraw their request but run the risk of having their tax return flagged. Meanwhile, those who want tax opinions should seek them before filing their tax returns.These workers are saving the maximum in their 401(k) plansMore than 4.6 million taxpayers made the maximum contributions to their 401(k) plans in 2016, with a majority of them coming from the 45-55 age group, according to IRS data in this CNBC article. Saving in a traditional 401(k) is one strategy to reduce taxable income as the contributions are made on a pretax basis, but clients owe income taxes on retirement withdrawals. Directing some of their savings in after-tax Roth and taxable accounts can help them reduce the tax bite and manage their tax brackets in retirement. "From a liquidity standpoint, you want to be aware of having a good mix of assets," an expert says.Tips for clients to avoid expensive inheritance mistakeTo avoid committing financial errors, Jim Germer, a CPA and financial advisor at Cetera Financial Specialists, cites the importance of carefully considering a successor or contingent beneficiaries for an estate that has been listed as a primary beneficiary on IRA, rollover IRA or 401K applications, according to this article in Bradenton Herald. "So consider beneficiaries better served by taking a series of small distributions over several years. Lump sums may lead to substantial tax bills," an expert writes.

Document OWSTOL0020190806ef8600001




Deadline approaching for clients with a tax-filing extension: Tax Strategy Scan; Those who fail to meet the cutoff face a hefty penalty that could hit as much as 25% of their dues.

Andrew Shilling 
504 words
6 August 2019
Bank Investment Consultant
BINV
Vol.1, No.1
English
(c) 2019 Bank Investment Consultant and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Our weekly roundup of tax-related investment strategies and news your clients may be thinking about.Deadline is approaching for clients who requested a tax-filing extensionTaxpayers who requested a tax-filing extension should ensure that they file their returns by Oct. 15, according to this article in Kiplinger. Not beating the deadline would result in a hefty penalty that could hit as much as 25% of their tax dues. Those who failed to pay their tax bill by April 15 deadline also face a penalty, which is 0.5% per month plus interest. After a divorce, only one parent can typically claim child-related tax breaksChild-related tax breaks can still be claimed by a parent or both parents after a divorce but they have to meet certain requirements under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.

 Parents must be categorized as the custodial parent or the noncustodial parent, generally the custodial parent is the one who can claim the tax breaks but there is also the noncustodial parent rule that can allow the noncustodial parent to claim as long as requirements are met.Will IRS pre-approve client taxes? Sometimes, yesClients can get advanced tax approvals from the IRS with a private letter ruling, but they shouldn't seek one unless they are highly likely to receive their desired answer, according to this article in Forbes. Clients receiving a "no" from the IRS can withdraw their request but run the risk of having their tax return flagged. Meanwhile, those who want tax opinions should seek them before filing their tax returns.These workers are saving the maximum in their 401(k) plansMore than 4.6 million taxpayers made the maximum contributions to their 401(k) plans in 2016, with a majority of them coming from the 45-55 age group, according to IRS data in this CNBC article. Saving in a traditional 401(k) is one strategy to reduce taxable income as the contributions are made on a pretax basis, but clients owe income taxes on retirement withdrawals. Directing some of their savings in after-tax Roth and taxable accounts can help them reduce the tax bite and manage their tax brackets in retirement. "From a liquidity standpoint, you want to be aware of having a good mix of assets," an expert says.Tips for clients to avoid expensive inheritance mistakeTo avoid committing financial errors, Jim Germer, a CPA and financial advisor at Cetera Financial Specialists, cites the importance of carefully considering a successor or contingent beneficiaries for an estate that has been listed as a primary beneficiary on IRA, rollover IRA or 401K applications, according to this article in Bradenton Herald. "So consider beneficiaries better served by taking a series of small distributions over several years. Lump sums may lead to substantial tax bills," an expert writes.

Document BINV000020190806ef8600001




Money,News Money
NOT ASDA PRICE Thousands of Asda workers must sign contracts cutting holiday allowances and paid breaks or face the sack

Levi Winchester 
504 words
5 August 2019
07:31 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2019 

THOUSANDS of Asda workers could "face the sack" unless they agree to contracts that cut holiday allowance and scrap paid breaks.

One furious supermarket worker claims some staff will be £500 a year worse off under the new arrangements as well as losing eight days' annual leave through loss of bank holidays, according to the Daily Record.

The revised terms of employment are part of the grocer's so-called 'flexible' Contract 6 that is being enforced across the board. Bank holidays will reportedly be made compulsory under the new agreement while paid breaks will be stopped.

The document seen by the Daily Record goes on to reveal how Asda is ready to terminate the contracts of those who are unwilling to sign onto the new changes.

It says employees will have meetings with their managers to discuss the new contract.

The document goes on to say: "If you still don't want to sign up to the new contract after those 121s, at that stage, we would issue notice to terminate your employment on your existing terms and conditions.

"We will offer to re-engage you on the new terms.

"If you choose not to accept the new terms, you would leave the business."

It is understood the GMB, which represents Asda employees, will protest with workers over the demands on August 14.

Asda told The Sun the contract changes were the result of a consultation process, first started in April, and the new terms will see the base rate of pay for workers go up to £9 per hour.

But it admitted five per cent of workers will be worse off and said a transitional payment for 18 months will be paid to employees missing out.

The supermarket also noted 50,000 colleagues nationwide were already employed on this contract before the consultation.

Asda said: "This new contract will see Asda invest in a pay increase for over 100,000 retail colleagues, as well as enabling us to deliver better service to our customers in an intensely competitive marketplace.

"We are continuing to talk to our colleagues about this change and to understand what it might mean for their individual circumstances."

Gary Carter, GMB National Office, told the Daily Record he wants Asda to come back to the negotiating table to give "this dedicated workforce a fair deal".

Last month Asda and Sainsbury's merger was put on ice for the foreseeable future as the Competition and Markets Authority said they cannot join forces for at least 10 years.

The CMA had blocked the planned merger in April, saying it was more likely to lead to price rises rather than cuts.

There were fears it could spark the sale of almost 500 supermarkets.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020190805ef85001xk




Investing Action Plan
Apple Earnings Due As Stock Nears Buy Point: Investing Action Plan

JASON MA 
504 words
29 July 2019
Investor's Business Daily
INVDAI
English
(c) 2019 Investor's Business Daily 

Here's your Investing Action Plan for Tuesday: what you need to know as an investor for the coming day. Apple earnings will be the highlight of the day as Apple stock nears a potential buy point. Top drugmakers and biotech companies will report as well, along with software leaders Zendesk and Paycom. Payments leader Mastercard also comes out.

Apple Earnings Seen Dropping

The consumer electronics giant reports June-quarter results after the market close. Analysts expect EPS to fall 10% to $2.10, the second quarter in a row of declining earnings, as sales remain virtually unchanged at $53.31 billion. Apple's guidance for the September quarter will be parsed for the company's expectations for its 13th-generation iPhones, due out this fall. Apple stock closed up 0.9% at 209.68 on the stock market today, advancing toward a possible buy point at 215.41 in a long and deep cup with handle pattern.

Pharma, Biotech Results Coming Up

Merck and will report early, the Street expects Merck's EPS to climb 9.4% to $1.16 and for sales to increase 4.3% to $10.91 billion. Early Monday, Pfizer reported mixed Q2 results while also announcing an all-stock plan to combine its off-patent and generic drugs unit, dubbed Upjohn, with pharmaceutical company Mylan.

After the close, analysts predict Amgen's EPS will slip 7% to $3.56 as sales decline 6.4% to $5.67 billion. Also late Tuesday, the Street sees Gilead EPS of $1.74 on $5.56 billion in sales, down 8.9% and 1.7%, respectively. Incyte reports early, and EPS is expected to soar 84.6% to 48 cents, while revenue slips 4% to $501 million.

Other Earnings

Zendesk reports late Tuesday, and analysts expect EPS to climb 67% to 5 cents as revenue increases 36% to $192 million. Zendesk sells software that companies use to manage customer-service call centers.

AMD will post results after the close, and Wall Street expects EPS to drop 43% to 8 cents, on sales of $1.52 billion, down 13%.

Mastercard posts Q2 numbers early. EPS is seen rising 10% to $1.82 as revenue swells 12% to $4.09 billion.

Paycom Software reports late, and analysts see a 20% jump in EPS to 71 cents as sales rise 27% to $164 million.

Mercury Systems reports fiscal Q4 results after the close, analysts see EPS down 6.4% at 44 cents, while revenue grows 13% to $173 million.

YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE:

5 Key Earnings Movers, But Here Comes Apple

Can These 3 Catalysts Drive Stocks Even Higher?

IBD Stock Of The Day Flirts With Buy Point As Growth Booms

Trade Desk Breaks Out As These Top Stocks Are Just Below Buy Points

Best Growth Stocks To Buy And Watch: See Updates To IBD Stock Lists

IBD Digital: Unlock IBD's Premium Stock Lists, Tools And Analysis Today

Document INVDAI0020190730ef7t00008




An Unconventional Approach to Senior Living: Luxury Retirement Residence, The Radcliff, Founded on Customized Care & Transparent Pricing

504 words
29 July 2019
10:32 PM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2019    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

WOOD DALE, Ill., July 29, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- The Radcliff (www.TheRadcliff.com) breaks from industry norms again, announcing today a new pricing structure that disrupts and elevates senior care living.

Located at 276 East Irving Park Road in Wood Dale, IL, The Radcliff is a six-floor, 150-unit senior residence offering over 160,000 square feet of living space. Ideally nestled in the central western suburbs with great proximity to public transportation, major highways and O'Hare Airport, The Radcliff stands apart with its unmatched combination of luxury, urban living and hotel-like environment--now with more accessible pricing for all levels of care.

There are three key elements to The Radcliff's unique, transparent pricing structure:

-NO Community Fees, ever: The Radcliff does not believe in excessive or redundant charges like its competition. The Radcliff's sales team is rewarded for outstanding, every-day customer experiences, not hidden charges that are back-door bonuses to executives. The Radcliff guarantees this in writing.

-Fixed pricing for level of care & rent: The price residents pay the day they sign a contract at their needed level of care will be the price they pay forever. Only if they require more care will their rates ever change. The Radcliff guarantees this in writing.

-3 Months Free: Until August 31(st) , The Radcliff will also honor its 3 Months Free offer in addition to its standard, everyday transparent pricing program. No gimmicks. Pay for the first three months upon signing a contract and the next three months will be free. The Radcliff guarantees this in writing.

"We continue to be innovators in providing outstanding senior care and luxury living at pricing that's accessible to more seniors," said Alan Scimeca, Asset Manager of The Radcliff. "As an independently owned and managed luxury senior residence, we can offer more amenities and better care to our residents. We deeply believe community is built though our unique, highly personalized customized care plan," Scimeca continued. "Our families and staff see the results in our happy and vibrant residents who are engaged and lead more enriched lives."

The Radcliff--Luxury Living, Quality Care--offers three specially-tailored levels of superior care. Independent living provides active residents a maintenance-free lifestyle to enjoy convenient services, senior-friendly surroundings and social opportunities with the amenities of a luxury residence. Assisted Care is designed to provide a nurturing, comfortable home environment offering both confidence and control to residents. Memory Care offers comprehensive and compassionate care for those with Alzheimer's, Dementia and other forms of memory loss.

For more information, to view pictures, or to schedule a tour, visit www.TheRadcliff.com.

Media Contact:

Christine Maretta

630.524.8602

218739@email4pr.com

View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/an-unconventional-approach-to-senior-living-luxury-retirement-residence-the-radcliff-founded-on-customized-care--transparent-pricing-300891782.html

SOURCE The Radcliff

(END)

Document PRN0000020190729ef7t0007y




Cash-flow data can predict creditworthiness, new study shows

Penny Crosman 
504 words
26 July 2019
American Banker
AMB
Vol.184, No.143
English
© 2019 American Banker and SourceMedia, Inc. All rights reserved. 

The use of cash-flow data - the money flowing in and out of customer accounts every month - may be useful in predicting creditworthiness, according to a study released Thursday.

FinRegLab, a nonprofit that tests new technologies to foster an "inclusive financial marketplace" analyzed the data of six nonbank lenders that use cash-flow data in their underwriting: Accion, Brigit, Kabbage, LendUp, Oportun and Petal.

While acknowledging the limitations of their analysis to date, including that the study doesn't reflect the full U.S. population and range of financial services products available, the nonprofit found encouraging indications that cash-flow analysis can be used as a predictor of creditworthiness on its own and in combination with credit scores.

The study gives nonbank lenders like Kabbage and Upstart additional ammunition in their efforts to prove that alternative data can be a better judge of creditworthiness than the traditional model that relies on credit bureau information and FICO scores. FinRegLab, which is the first to do an independent study on the idea, found that the use of cash-flow predicts loan performance, helps provide access to credit to borrowers who ordinarily wouldn't be eligible for it (for instance, if they had no credit bureau file), and appears to meet the requirements of fair-lending rules.

"This is an encouraging set of results and it makes us think that it is worth investing some time and effort to keep going in this area," said Kelly Cochran, deputy director at FinRegLab.

Cash-flow data is not as exotic as some other types of alternative data, such as education information.

"This is really going to core financial stability and financial habits, the kinds of things that underwriters have always looked at in lending," Cochran said. "So it's much closer to the traditional questions even if it's using a slightly different data source to answer them."

Some bankers are loath to change the underwriting process they've used for decades, due in part to fears about regulatory compliance. Studies like FinRegLab's could help provide comfort both for regulators and financial institution executives.

"We talk to a lot of different financial firms and bank and nonbank lenders, and there are lots of arguments made for trying out new data or trying out new methods for underwriting," said Melissa Koide, founder and CEO of FinRegLab. "But when you're sitting on the government side, what you really want to know and have are fact-based insights to help then empirically evaluate the benefits and risks associated with new types of data. We undertook this research to generate those independent fact-based analyses so that regulators, policymakers and the banking and fintech industry have more facts to then think about where there may be opportunities and value of evolving regulations."

Koide noted that even with confidence about the use of cash-flow data, regulators and bankers still have to grapple with questions about data sharing and consumer consent.

Document AMB0000020190725ef7q00003


Prudential Insurance Company; Trademark Application for "RETURN ON WELLNESS" Filed by Prudential Insurance Company

504 words
12 July 2019
Insurance Weekly News
INSRWK
10131
English
© Copyright 2019 Insurance Weekly News via VerticalNews.com 

2019 JUL 19 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Insurance Weekly News -- According to news reporting originating from Washington, D.C., by VerticalNews journalists, a trademark application has been made for "RETURN ON WELLNESS" by Dorothy Von Hollen, representing Prudential Insurance Company. This application was made available to the public on June 27, 2019.

The international trademark goods and services class codes for this trademark application are 009, 035 and 042.

The serial number for this application is 88486064.

As submitted by the applicant, this trademark application relates to the following goods and services:

- Providing online, downloadable software for mobile devices for researching, selecting, accessing and generating information regarding an overall approach to making sound short- and long-term financial decisions regarding group and individual benefits in the nature of life insurance, disability insurance, welfare benefits, retirement planning, retirement savings, and retirement income; providing online, downloadable software for mobile devices that will assist users in determining advancement or recession of financial wellness and the mental and physical health of individuals on a personal level, and the advancement or recession of financial savings and employee productivity of entities on a retirement plan, employer, or organizational level; providing online, downloadable software for mobile devices for researching, selecting, accessing and generating information regarding retirement income planning services, financial planning for group and individual customers, and financial counseling and planning in the field of life and disability insurance, retirement income, and welfare benefits;

- Consulting services, namely, the provision of advisory services in the field of financial wellness; the provision of information, data, guidance, reports, whitepapers, articles, research, newsletters, infographics, presentations, online journals, and blogs in the field of financial wellness that may inform retirement plan design;

- Providing online, non-downloadable software for researching, selecting, accessing and generating information regarding an overall approach to making sound short- and long-term financial decisions regarding group and individual benefits in the nature of life insurance, disability insurance, welfare benefits, retirement planning, retirement savings, and retirement income; providing online, non-downloadable software that will assist users in determining advancement or recession of financial wellness and the mental and physical health of individuals on a personal level, and the advancement or recession of financial savings and employee productivity of entities on a retirement plan, employer, or organizational level; providing online, non-downloadable software for researching, selecting, accessing and generating information regarding retirement income planning services, financial planning for group and individual customers, and financial counseling and planning in the field of life and disability insurance, retirement income, and welfare benefits.

The owner/registrar information for this application is: Dorothy Von Hollen, Prudential Insurance Company, 213 Washington Street, Ip Law Dept. - Mezzanine Level, Newark, NJ 07102.

Keywords for this news article include: Business, Software, Wellness, Health and Medicine, Insurance Companies, Finance and Investment, Investment and Finance, Prudential Insurance Company.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2019, NewsRx LLC

Document INSRWK0020190712ef7c0002g


Education provision for young offenders in Dudley needs improvement, report finds

Danielle Poole 
504 words
27 June 2019
Stourbridge News
NQTAC
English
© Copyright 2019 Newsquest Digital Media 

THE lack of education provision for young offenders in Dudley has been slammed as a 'serious issue' that has not been given the attention it deserves, by inspectors.

Dudley Youth Offending Service received a rating of 'requires improvement' from the HM Inspectorate of Probation after a routine inspection.

The Dudley Youth Offending Service (YOS) works with 10 to 18-year-olds who have either been sentenced by a court or who are being dealt with outside the formal justice system.

The inspection looked at 12 aspects of the service's work, including governance and leadership; staff; partnership and services; information and facilities; assessment; planning; implementation and delivery.

Chief Inspector of Probation, Justin Russell, said: "All children and young people are entitled to access education, employment or training. This is particularly important for individuals who have offended because it can support them to move away from further crime and give them the key to a better future.

"Our inspection found education provision is poor for children known to the YOS, and it has not had the strategic attention that it merits. A high number of young people known to the YOS are not in education or training, and children are offending at times when they should be in school. Some staff have resorted to teaching children who have been excluded because there are no suitable alternatives."

However inspectors also found 'significant areas of good practice' and praised the service's desistance work as 'outstanding in some respects'.

Inspectors also found that staff were well motivated and focus on maintaining a positive working relationship with children and young people.

Mr Russell added: "The YOS has some significant areas of good practice. However, we would like to see improvements in the quality of work to keep people safe. The YOS needs to assess, manage and review risks to keep children and young people safe and to prevent risk of harm to others.

"Dudley YOS has the potential to improve its performance and secure a 'Good' rating in the future. I hope the five recommendations in our report will assist the service to build on its strengths and focus on the areas for improvement."

Councillor Ruth Buttery, cabinet member for children's services at Dudley Council , said: "The Dudley Youth Offending Service was visited by the Inspectorate of Probation during the spring and we welcome the report.

"The report reflects our tireless work to make important improvements to our youth offending service and praises the motivation and understanding of our staff.

"However, we fully accept the report's overall findings that we require further improvement and our focus remains upon working closely with all partners and stakeholders to ensure we share information and increase effectiveness and efficiency across the service.

"We will now ensure the recommendations of the report are incorporated into our strategic plans and can assure parents and young people that we will continue to work together to secure the best possible outcomes."

Document NQTAC00020190627ef6r0002t


Education provision for young offenders in Dudley needs improvement, report finds

Danielle Poole 
504 words
27 June 2019
Halesowen News
NQTUB
English
© Copyright 2019 Newsquest Digital Media 

THE lack of education provision for young offenders in Dudley has been slammed as a 'serious issue' that has not been given the attention it deserves, by inspectors.

Dudley Youth Offending Service received a rating of 'requires improvement' from the HM Inspectorate of Probation after a routine inspection.

The Dudley Youth Offending Service (YOS) works with 10 to 18-year-olds who have either been sentenced by a court or who are being dealt with outside the formal justice system.

The inspection looked at 12 aspects of the service's work, including governance and leadership; staff; partnership and services; information and facilities; assessment; planning; implementation and delivery.

Chief Inspector of Probation, Justin Russell, said: "All children and young people are entitled to access education, employment or training. This is particularly important for individuals who have offended because it can support them to move away from further crime and give them the key to a better future.

"Our inspection found education provision is poor for children known to the YOS, and it has not had the strategic attention that it merits. A high number of young people known to the YOS are not in education or training, and children are offending at times when they should be in school. Some staff have resorted to teaching children who have been excluded because there are no suitable alternatives."

However inspectors also found 'significant areas of good practice' and praised the service's desistance work as 'outstanding in some respects'.

Inspectors also found that staff were well motivated and focus on maintaining a positive working relationship with children and young people.

Mr Russell added: "The YOS has some significant areas of good practice. However, we would like to see improvements in the quality of work to keep people safe. The YOS needs to assess, manage and review risks to keep children and young people safe and to prevent risk of harm to others.

"Dudley YOS has the potential to improve its performance and secure a 'Good' rating in the future. I hope the five recommendations in our report will assist the service to build on its strengths and focus on the areas for improvement."

Councillor Ruth Buttery, cabinet member for children's services at Dudley Council, said: "The Dudley Youth Offending Service was visited by the Inspectorate of Probation during the spring and we welcome the report.

"The report reflects our tireless work to make important improvements to our youth offending service and praises the motivation and understanding of our staff.

"However, we fully accept the report's overall findings that we require further improvement and our focus remains upon working closely with all partners and stakeholders to ensure we share information and increase effectiveness and efficiency across the service.

"We will now ensure the recommendations of the report are incorporated into our strategic plans and can assure parents and young people that we will continue to work together to secure the best possible outcomes."

Document NQTUB00020190627ef6r0002u




Smart Bitcoin Investments is educating the public regarding Bitcoin investments and Bitcoin IRA Rollovers

504 words
26 June 2019
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2019, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Burbank, CA - Smart Bitcoin Investments is a website dedicated to teaching financial literacy and fulfilling the public interest in bitcoin and cryptocurrency investments. Smart Bitcoin Investments provides educational development regarding Bitcoin IRA reviews, investments, and rollovers. The website exists to educate individuals about the first Blockchain based digital currency and to showcase potential opportunities for investment. Anyone who is interested in Bitcoin as an investment option can check out the website to learn about its requirements and how to make smarter decisions while investing in Bitcoin or a Bitcoin IRA.

Bitcoin IRA (Individual Retirement Account) is a personal financial plan that provides investors with a secure method of investing in the crypto asset market. Apart from regular sources of investment like stocks and bonds, many investors have realized the potential of investing in alternative assets like precious metals, artwork, cryptocurrency, gems, and coins. Most advisors recommend a range of 6 to 25 percent of a client's portfolio to be within alternative assets. However, like any other investment, a Bitcoin IRA can come under risk so it becomes important for the investor to perform thorough research before making a decision. Bitcoin is subject to capital gains taxes when sold at a profit so holding them within a tax-advantaged retirement account is ideal.

The 4 Step Bitcoin IRA rollover process is as follows:

* Fill out an account setup form

* Speak with a customer service representative

* Fund your account

* Put your wallet in Cold Storage

Smart Bitcoin Investments also provides information on how to secure a wallet and recommends the best cryptocurrency IRA companies to invest with. A Bitcoin IRA allows the investor to hold Bitcoin and other types of crypto assets in their retirement portfolio. Amidst so many lucrative opportunities available on the market, Smart Bitcoin Investments advises that buyers consult an expert before making any major purchase decisions.

Smart Bitcoin Investments recommends Regal Assets for investors who want a dependable way to purchase alternative assets. Regal Assets recently expanded their offering via their Regal IRA program, which is the world's first Alternative Assets IRA which enables investors to invest in both hard assets and digital assets. Regal Assets has been featured in Forbes, Smart Money, and The Huffington Post and maintains the highest rating profile in the precious metal industry for over 9 years in a row and is the only company to offer investors the benefit of both an offline wallet and cold storage.

More information can be found at www.smartbitcoininvestments.com

Media Contact

Company Name: Smart Bitcoin Investments

Contact Person: Jeffrey Ito

Email: gracewilliamss91@gmail.com

Phone: +1 (833) 863-2020

Country: United States

Website: www.smartbitcoininvestments.com

Source: www.abnewswire.com

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com  on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020190626ef6q001gv




Business
Simple errors lead to IHT

Harvey Jones 
504 words
26 June 2019
The Daily Express
THEEXP
1; National
30
English
(c) 2019 Express Newspapers 

Your Money

THOUSANDS of families are paying unnecessary inheritance tax (IHT) bills by making simple financial planning errors, such as failing to complete forms and neglecting tax-free allowances.

This is costing families dear as the average IHT bill hit £200,000 last year, up from just £141,000 five years earlier, generating a record £5.4 billion in tax revenues for HM Revenue & Customs.

Bills could increase substantially if Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Party takes power, as it is lining up a tough new tax regime that could triple the IHT take to an incredible £15 billion.

It therefore pays to start planning your financial legacy as soon as you can, to avoid getting caught in the net.

TAKEN ON TRUST IHT is currently charged at 40 per cent on assets above £325,000, although married couples can double this to £650,000.

The main residence threshold can lift this to £950,000 for couples who pass on their family home to children and grandchildren.

While this is enough for most families, planning is essential as many unnecessarily pay IHT on their life insurance policies, after failing to write them "in trust".

NFU Mutual chartered financial planner Sean McCann said to contact your insurer and complete a simple trust form to remove the threat: "Policy proceeds will go directly to your beneficiaries rather than your estate and will not be taken into account when IHT is calculated."

Money held inside a pension is free of IHT but many are losing this protection by making early pension withdrawals. McCann said: "They are taking it out of a protective wrapper that shields it from income tax, capital gains tax and, crucially, IHT."

He suggested taking money from Isas or other investments before dipping into the most tax-efficient of all your assets.

TAXING QUESTION SteveWebb, director of policy at insurer Royal London, said parents and grandparents could cut their IHT exposure by contributing to their children or grandchildren's pension.

A little-known pensions feature allows children to claim tax relief on parental contributions to a pension: "This may also reduce future IHT bills if they qualify for one of the standard exemptions such as regular gifts made from normal income."

Individuals can also gift up to £3,000 each year, free of IHT, and mop up any unused allowance from last year. Couples who did not use last year's allowance could give £12,000.

They can give further gifts to family on marriage and smaller gifts of up to £250 to as many people as they like, so long as they have not benefited from another IHT allowance.

Gifts above that only become fully exempt from IHT if you live for seven years.

The urgency of planning has been increased by Labour's proposals to scrap the family home allowance altogether and replace IHT with a new "lifetime gifts tax", which could see married couples lose tax breaks worth an incredible £875,000 in total.

Document THEEXP0020190626ef6q0001g




Money,News Money
TOY JOY Toys R Us 'to re-open in time for Christmas' - but only in the US

Hollie Borland 
504 words
23 June 2019
10:56 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

COLLAPSED retail chain Toys R Us could be reopened by Christmas - but only in the US, reports claim.

The iconic kids' toy store went bust at the beginning of 2018 after attempts to sell the struggling firm failed.

Bloomberg  reports that Tru Kids - the brand behind Toys R Us - are planning on opening 12 stores across America before the year is out.

It's believed that Richard Barry, former executive at the retailer, is going to pitch the plans, which includes an online store, at an industry conference later this week.

It's not clear whether there are any plans to reopen the UK side of the business, or whether the online shop will offer international shipping.

Sources told the news outlet that the new stores in the US will be roughly 10,000-square feet which is about a third of the size of the retailer's warehouses that it was known for.

Why did Toys R Us close in the UK?

TOYS R Us was put into administration after attempts to sell the business failed and some stores could shut in within days.

More than 3,000 jobs were put at risk as it was revealed store closures would take place among ALL its outlets nationwide.

An "orderly wind-down of the company's store portfolio" followed.

On March 2, 2018, Moorfields Advisory, the firm in charge of the closure of the retail chain, confirmed it was commencing a nationwide closing down sale at all stores.

Now, there are no Toys R Us stores open in the UK.

There will also be play areas for children to explore while their parents shop.

A spokesperson for Tru Kids told Bloomberg that the company isn't ready to make the plans public yet.

Earlier this month, the brand relaunched in Australia by selling good through Hobby Warehouse websites.

Seventy years after it first launched, Toys 'R' Us went bust in the US at the end of 2017 and by February 2018 the UK side of the retailer collapsed too.

It meant that 106 stores closed across the country leaving 3,000 staff without a job.

Since its demise, supermarkets have rushed in to plug the gap such as Tesco and Asda who regularly run toy sales.

Competitor Smyths Toys Store is still operating 110 stores across the UK and Ireland, while shoppers have also been able to bag discounts on playthings at Home Bargains and B&M.

A mum recently revealed to The Sun how she makes £500 a month by selling her old kids' toys on eBay .

Mothercare is currently running an up to 50 per cent off sale with baby and toddler clothes starting from £1.50.

The Sun has contacted Tru Kids for comment.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk 

Document THESCOT020190623ef6n003bi




Money,News Money
TOY JOY Toys R Us 'to re-open in time for Christmas' - but only in the US

Hollie Borland 
504 words
23 June 2019
10:56 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2019 

COLLAPSED retail chain Toys R Us could be reopened by Christmas - but only in the US, reports claim.

The iconic kids' toy store went bust at the beginning of 2018 after attempts to sell the struggling firm failed.

Bloomberg reports that Tru Kids - the brand behind Toys R Us - are planning on opening 12 stores across America before the year is out.

It's believed that Richard Barry, former executive at the retailer, is going to pitch the plans, which includes an online store, at an industry conference later this week.

It's not clear whether there are any plans to reopen the UK side of the business, or whether the online shop will offer international shipping.

Sources told the news outlet that the new stores in the US will be roughly 10,000-square feet which is about a third of the size of the retailer's warehouses that it was known for.

Why did Toys R Us close in the UK?

TOYS R Us was put into administration after attempts to sell the business failed and some stores could shut in within days.

More than 3,000 jobs were put at risk as it was revealed store closures would take place among ALL its outlets nationwide.

An "orderly wind-down of the company's store portfolio" followed.

On March 2, 2018, Moorfields Advisory, the firm in charge of the closure of the retail chain, confirmed it was commencing a nationwide closing down sale at all stores.

Now, there are no Toys R Us stores open in the UK.

There will also be play areas for children to explore while their parents shop.

A spokesperson for Tru Kids told Bloomberg that the company isn't ready to make the plans public yet.

Earlier this month, the brand relaunched in Australia by selling good through Hobby Warehouse websites.

Seventy years after it first launched, Toys 'R' Us went bust in the US at the end of 2017 and by February 2018 the UK side of the retailer collapsed too.

It meant that 106 stores closed across the country leaving 3,000 staff without a job.

Since its demise, supermarkets have rushed in to plug the gap such as Tesco and Asda who regularly run toy sales.

Competitor Smyths Toys Store is still operating 110 stores across the UK and Ireland, while shoppers have also been able to bag discounts on playthings at Home Bargains and B&M.

A mum recently revealed to The Sun how she makes £500 a month by selling her old kids' toys on eBay.

Mothercare is currently running an up to 50 per cent off sale with baby and toddler clothes starting from £1.50.

The Sun has contacted Tru Kids for comment.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020190623ef6n0030d




Personal Finance
Home flipping rate hits 9-year high - and that could foretell troubles in the housing market; An uptick in home flipping activity could indicate that conditions in the housing market are worsening

Jacob Passy 
504 words
23 June 2019
05:28 PM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2019 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

An uptick in home flipping activity could indicate that conditions in the housing market are worsening

An uptick in home flipping activity could indicate that conditions in the housing market are worsening

Home-flipping has rebounded by one key measure. But that's doesn't make it an easy path toward becoming rich.

Just over 49,000 single-family homes and condos were flipped in the first quarter of 2019, according to a recent report by real-estate data firm Attom Data Solutions. These homes comprised 7.2% of all home sales nationwide during that time period, representing the highest home-flipping rate since the first quarter of 2010.

But that's not necessarily a positive indicator of the housing market's strength, said Todd Teta, Attom's chief product officer. The number of homes that were flipped was actually down 8% from the previous year to a three-year low. And the number of investors engaging in home flipping has dropped 11% over the past year.

In the first quarter, homes flipped sold for a median price of $215,000. With the median purchase price standing at $155,000, the gross flipping profit was just $60,000, down $8,000 from a year earlier to a three-year low.

Also see: Why Americans are holding off on remodeling their homes (for now)

"While the home flipping rate is increasing, gross profits and ROI are starting to weaken," Teta said in the report. "If investors are seeing profit margins drop, they may be acting now and selling before price increases drop even more."

Researchers previously described home-flipping activity as a "canary in the coal mine" that could presage a cooling housing market.

In the first quarter, the home-flipping rate was up year-over-year in 62% of markets nationwide, suggesting that this sentiment could be widespread and not just concentrated in overheated housing markets across the West Coast.

Despite the seemingly turning tides in the home-flipping market, one bright spot is the renewed interest that so-called 'iBuyers," tech firms that use algorithms to make instant home offers, have taken in the businesses. Zillow (Z, US), in particular, has said it is investing more money into its home-buying and flipping operation, Zillow Offers, which launched last year. Analysts and stock investors have thus far been receptive of the strategy.

Shares of Zillow (ZG, US) are up nearly 50% year-to-date, whereas the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA, US) and S&P 500 (SPX, US) are up only 11% and 15% respectively in that same time.

More from MarketWatchBuying a house? Here's how to ensure your confidential financial details remain secure

What you need to know about disaster insurance

With interest rates at 2019 lows, how to decide whether to refinance your mortgage

Document MRKWC00020190620ef6k0050l


QM Power, Inc. is commercializing low cost, high performance electric motor, generator and actuator technologies.

504 words
21 June 2019
iCrowdNewswire
ICROWDN
English
© Copyright iCrowdNewswire LLC 2019. All rights reserved 

QM Power, Inc. is commercializing low cost, high performance electric motor, generator and actuator technologies. QM Power products have higher power density and reliability, run cooler, are much lighter, smaller and lower cost,do not require rare earth magnets and operate far more efficiently over a wider speed and load range for commercial refrigeration, HVAC, electric vehicles, wind, hydro and portable power generation, military and aerospace and several other applications. QM Power is currently seeking a $5 million Series B financing to build out the team and infrastructure, provide working capital for its Q-Sync commercial production and for the expansion of its broad defensible intellectual property portfolio.

Products / Services

R&D Contracts and Grants

QM Power has platform technologies that are of significant interest to anyone using and/or wanting to improve the efficiency, power density and cost of electric motors, generators and actuators including Government agencies such as the DOE, ARPA-E, the DOD (Army, Navy, Air Force), NASA and the NSF. QM Power has a demonstrated track record of success in winning and delivering upon government research programs, which substantially subsidize or eliminate the costs of the company's internal R&D while providing game changing solutions for commercial development partners and their applications.

Q-Sync Motors

High efficiency fan motors for commercial refrigeration and HVAC applications.

Parallel Path Magnetic Technology

High performance low cost electric motors, generators and actuators.

Licensing

Licensing for non-core markets

Management

Chief Operating Officer

John Lebo

Mr. Lebo joined QM Power from Vantage Energy Products, a start up focusing on light electric vehicles, where he was the VP and General Manager. Prior to Vantage, Mr. Lebo was at Black & Decker, where as VP of Advanced Manufactured Engineering he managed over $100 million of strategic vertical integration of the Company's DeWalt, Delta and Porter Cable brand motors and as Global Director of Engineering launched over 50 new products including motors, lithium ion battery platforms and electronic systems. Prior to joining Black & Decker, Mr. Lebo was the Global Director of Engineering for Johnson Electric, one of the largest volume motor manufacturers in the world (producing over 1 million motors a day). Prior to joining Johnson Electric, Mr. Lebo was the VP of the Power Systems Unit and the Director of Sales and Marketing for Ametek's Lamb Electric Division, a $1 billion manufacturer and OEM supplier of electro-mechanical products.

Chief Technology Officer

Joe Flynn

Charles Joseph Flynn is a Co-Founder and the Chief Technology Officer of QM Power, Inc. Mr. Flynn has 25 years of motor/generator experience as a direct or contract R&D engineer, program leader, and Sr. technical consultant for a variety of major corporations with primary responsibility for the pre-production development of more than 150 commercial products for the contracting companies. Mr. Flynn is the inventor and patent holder for QM Power. He has designed, developed, and constructed more than 50 devices based on QM Power technologies.

Document ICROWDN020190621ef6l000hv




Money
New Breathing Space scheme will block bailiffs and freeze interest for 60 days

By Emma Munbodh 
504 words
19 June 2019
08:29 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2019 Mirror Group Ltd 

It will cover wide range of debts, including council tax arrears - and will support those receiving medical help for longer

Thousands of people in debt are to get relief through a new 'breathing space' scheme that will block creditors from chasing them for 60 days.

The new initiative will freeze interest payments for people in severe debt, and halt enforcement action from creditors for two months.

This will include council tax arrears, personal tax debts and benefit overpayments.

It will give individuals and families struggling with their finances extra help and time to get their bills and payments under control.

The scheme will be enforced in 2021 and will see payments frozen - along with action from bailiffs - for 60 days.

The government said that individuals receiving NHS treatment for mental health reasons will not need to seek debt advice during the 60-day period.

850,000 people have had a bad experience with a bailiff - with forced entries top of the list

They will continue to receive the same Breathing Space protections, which will last for the whole of their treatment.

City minister, John Glen, said: "Problem debt can have a devastating impact of people's lives, putting a huge burden on individuals which can lead to family breakdown, stress and mental health issues.

"No one should be stuck in an endless cycle of debt and facing the ever-looming threat of invasive debt collectors.

"That's why I'm introducing this new scheme, giving everyone access to the advice, time and support they need to both get their finances under control and get away from the perpetual stress and worry debt can cause."

Helen Undy, of the Money and Mental Health Policy Institute, said: "This scheme could genuinely save lives. Everyone experiencing a mental health crisis should have the opportunity to recover free from escalating debt fees, charges and the threat of bailiffs arriving at their door.

"We are delighted that the government acted on our call to protect people from being hassled about debts while they're receiving crisis care, and we look forward to working with ministers to put these plans in place over the coming year."

Joanna Elson OBE, of the Money Advice Trust, the charity that runs National Debtline, added: "Breathing Space will provide a powerful incentive for people to seek debt advice, safe in the knowledge they will be given the time and statutory protections they need to begin to resolve their financial difficulty.

"The decision to include local authorities and other public sector creditors is particularly welcome - and means this new scheme could well be a game-changer in our efforts to tackle problem debt as a society.

"We look forward to working with government and other partners to ensure that Breathing Space is implemented successfully, and to continue to contribute to the government's plans for Statutory Debt Repayment Plans as these are developed further."

Pay off your debts

Document MIRUK00020190619ef6j0023d




FED:Asian airline wants cheap travel redefined

504 words
19 June 2019
Australian Associated Press - General News
AAP
English
(c) 2019 Australian Associated Press Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved 

ADaniel McCulloch

PARIS, June 18 AAP - Australian travellers are being challenged to rethink their attitudes towards low-cost airlines.

Cheap doesn't need to mean nasty, argues AirAsia X chief executive NaddaBuranasiri.

The carrier has just picked up its 11th consecutive gong as the world's best low cost airline.

Driving through Paris after pocketing the consumer award at an international air show, Mr Buranasiri was mindful of changing Australian perceptions of low-cost providers.

"The cheap has to still be there," he told AAP in the French capital on Tuesday.

"But when you say cheap, it comes with the expectation that it?s not going to be that great.

"We want to call ourselves value for money, and that?s the important thing that we are trying to do, especially in Australia."

Australians are beginning to warm to AirAsia's base rates, with 60 flights in and out of the country each week.

But its additional costs - for luggage, preferred seating, meals and entertainment - are a pet peeve among many holiday-makers.

MrBuranasiri is leaving the door open to reshaping this add-on model in time.

"When you start having a mindset that what we are already doing is working then it stops your ability to improve," he told AAP.

"If one day the business model needs to be revised or re-looked at, then we will not say to ourselves that it is not possible."

Industry insiders also point to nagging problems with AirAsia's levels of service when connections go awry and cancellations occur.

In response, the airline has rebadged its customer care department to be "customer happiness".

It is also investing heavily in artificial intelligence in an attempt to gain more control over the problems.

A virtual agent called Ava will soon be tasked with handling general inquiries, checking flights and processing refunds.

"We still have the chat room and call centre but she is learning every day,"Mr Buranasiri said.

"Maybe we are getting there sooner than we think, in terms of making it a better experience."

AirAsia is dipping its toe deeper into the Australian market with direct flights between Brisbane and Bangkok starting next week.

The route will soon be serviced by a new fleet of quiet, fuel-efficient long-haul planes.

AirAsia wants to expand its network into two or three more Australian cities with the long-range jets, but is treading carefully.

The carrier is also contemplating targeting regional airports with smaller planes in four years' time.

Mr Buranasiri said the airline was still learning how to contend with pesky Queensland moths playing havoc with plane engines, and figuring out how to target its advertising to local consumers.

"We love expansion but we don't want to expand too fast,"he told AAP.

"In every market, we need a learning curve. We're in no rush to expand. We need to understand the market first." * Reporter travelled to International Paris Air Show courtesy of AirAsia. AAP DM/MJF 

Document AAP0000020190618ef6j0048t




Money,Shopping,Asda
SO SWEET Asda launches three new shimmering gins that taste of lemon sherbets, pear drops and parma violets

By Alice Grahns, Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
17 June 2019
07:45 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

ASDA has rolled out three new gins that taste of lemon sherbets, pear drops and parma violets, and they're a dream for anyone with a big sweet tooth.

Even better, the sweet tipples shimmer and should give a burst of colour to any cocktail or gin and tonic.

The lemon sherbet gin  is said to be "zesty and tangy", while the pear gin  tastes of pear and blackcurrant.

But perhaps most exciting of all is the parma violet flavour , which tastes of the sweets and even changes colour from deep purple to light pink when you add tonic water.

They're not the cheapest gins around though, setting you back £18 each for a 70cl bottle.

All three tipples come with an alcohol by volume (ABV) content of 40 per cent.

The drinks officially landed in Asda stores nationwide as well as on its website today, but some eagle-eyed shoppers spotted them in stores a few days ago.

Facebook page Money Saver Online  shared the exciting news with its followers, and the post has so far racked up 1,800 likes and 7,400 comments.

One user wrote: "OMG? I need these gins in my life."

While another said: "Lemon sherbet and pear drops? Two of my fave sweets!!"

The Sun hasn't been able to find other lemon sherbet and pear drop-flavoured gins in the UK's major supermarkets, but the parma violet version is nothing new.

Aldi, for example, is selling its own parma violet gin for just £9.99 - £8 cheaper than Asda's version.

Just keep in mind that this comes in a smaller 50cl bottle and at a lower ABV of just 20 per cent.

Asda and Tesco also sell parma violet gin by Whitley Neill. It's cheapest at Asda where a 70cl costs £23 and comes with an ABV of 43 per cent.

Ed Sowerby, spirits product manager at Asda, said: "Novelty, quality gins have become a summer must-have for customers looking to entertain with flair and flavour.

"Working closely with our suppliers, we've created a range of gins which are both glitzy and gorgeous to look at, but also deliver popular flavours the nation knows and loves."

Asda has 639 stores across the UK. You can find your nearest one using its store locator tool .

Only last month, Asda added two new gins to its shelves that taste of lemon and watermelon.

For Valentine's Day this year, the supermarket also sold a glittery and rose flavoured tipple.

Meanwhile, cider firm Kopparberg recently rolled out two pink gins - one that tastes of mixed fruit and one flavoured with strawberry and lime.

As always, please drink responsibly and be Drinkaware .

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk 

Document THESCOT020190617ef6h001xj




Money,News Money,Shopping,Tesco
FINGER LICKIN' GOOD Pot Noodle has new jerk chicken and Thai green curry flavours and you can buy them in Tesco

By Sara Benwell 
504 words
18 June 2019
02:03 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

POT Noodle has launched two new flavours in the UK and you can buy them in Tesco stores today.

The Jerk Chicken and Thai Green Curry flavours have a recommended retail price of £1.19, although supermarkets are free to set their own prices.

Currently, the new snacks are only available in Tesco, but there are plans to roll them out to other major UK retailers in the next few months.

You can't get them online yet, so you'll need to pop to your nearest store for now. Use Tesco's store locator tool  to find your nearest.

The Pot Noodles were spotted by eagle-eyed Instagrammer NewFoodsUK  who snapped a picture of the jerk chicken flavour alongside the brand's existing BBQ pulled pork version.

And people were excited about the new find with the Instagram post receiving 956 likes at the time of writing from fans.

User Deee_Walker commented: "I need a jerk chicken Pot Noodle!"

The new pots are the same size as other standard Pot Noodles coming in at 90g, but they're slightly more expensive than other flavours.

For instance, you can currently get the beef and tomato flavour or the original curry Pot Noodles for 80p from Sainsbury's.

Whereas the new flavours are expected to sell for 40p more at £1.19.

Pot Noodle competitor Levi Roots launched a range of Caribbean instant noodles earlier this year.

But these are more expensive than the Pot Noodle version - costing £1.29 for a smaller 75g tub.

You can also get green Thai curry flavoured instant noodles from lots of different manufacturers.

The cheapest we could find was Naked Noodle's Thai Green Curry pot , which costs £1 for a 104g pot at Asda.

Earlier this year, Pot Noodle launched four new Asian-inspired flavours including Thai red curry and Vietnamese beef pho.

Unlike normal Pot Noodles, the Asian Street food range is made with rice noodles rather than egg ones so they will appear slightly see through.

But the Street Food collection comes in smaller pots than the two new green curry and jerk chicken flavours - weighing in at between 56g and 70g.

It's more expensive too with pots selling for £1.75.

Meanwhile, Morrisons and Amazon are launching same day grocery delivery in five new cities.

And Greggs now does a Cajun chicken bake - but it won't be around for long.

Tesco is also selling Nando's meal kits so you can make your own spicy chicken at home for less than half the price.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk  or call 0207 78 24516. Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group  for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESCOT020190617ef6h0050o




opinion
Dark side of reverse mortgage industry: Predatory lending hits seniors

The Editorial Board 
504 words
14 June 2019
USA Today Online
USATONL
English
Copyright © 2019 USA Today Online. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All rights reserved. 

A decade after the last financial crisis, money is already flowing into some highly questionable loans. Much of this is simply risky borrowing by highly leveraged companies or homebuyers. But some of it raises questions of propriety.

One case in point is the flourishing business of reverse mortgages, which picked up during the Great Recession. Known for their slick pitchmen touting instant money during daytime TV, these loans have long been known for their high costs and hidden fees. Adding to the debate, a USA TODAY Network investigation published this week found that the industry has become a platform for predatory lending.

The investigation found that nearly 100,000 reverse mortgages had defaulted in recent years, with low-income urban neighborhoods hardest hit. Often, the loans were placed thanks to aggressive door-to-door pitches.

Lenders and loan brokers concentrate on these communities because they know that the homeowners' lack of sophistication, combined with their sometimes difficult financial situations, make them easy targets.

There's nothing inherently wrong with reverse mortgages, which allow seniors to stay in their homes while borrowing against a percentage of the equity. The loan can be taken as lump sums, regular payments, lines of credit or some hybrid of these.

OPPOSING VIEW: A reverse mortgage can be a lifesaver

Leroy Roebuck's story: How small issues can snowball into foreclosure

The homeowners generally don't make loan payments. At death, their estate either sells the property and pays off the loan (which has grown with compounded interest) or simply deeds the property to the lender.

Loans that don't have to be paid back during one's lifetime should not result in a default. But they do, often because the homeowner doesn't make tax or insurance payments, or falls behind on the paperwork.

What's more, if the value of a property drops below the value of the loan, the lenders have taxpayer-based Federal Housing Administration insurance to make up the difference.

With incentives like this, is there any wonder why mortgage brokers would run around the country making their hard sell to unsuspecting and financially squeezed people?

To reduce the number of seniors losing their homes, greater oversight is needed. Reps. Maxine Waters, D-Calif. , and Denny Heck, D-Wash. , for instance, have a proposal that would require a lot more to happen between default and foreclosure.

Beyond that, some more fundamental questions need to be asked, starting with whether the federal government should be in the business of enabling reverse mortgages.

While the concept of allowing seniors to unlock the wealth they have in their homes is sound, the reality is that reverse mortgages add complexity and risk at a time in people's lives when they should be reducing both.

When so many such loans are going into default, it's a clear sign that something is amiss.

If you can't see this reader poll, please refresh your page.

Document USATONL020190614ef6e0008u




News
Women's super to dry up faster than men's

Tom McIlroy 
504 words
14 June 2019
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
4
English
Copyright 2019. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited. 

Australian workers will dramatically outlive their superannuation savings, with a new World Economic Forum report warning account balances have not accelerated fast enough to make up for a deterioration in traditional retirement plans.

Australian women face a larger super gap than men, outliving their savings by 12.6 years. For men, the figure is 9.9 years. Despite describing Australia's retirement saving scheme as "one of the most well-developed from an accumulation perspective" the report said long-term approaches were needed for the retirement phase as people in six major economies live longer after finishing work.

The report showed the average man in the United States was on track to outlive their retirement savings by 8.3 years. For US women, it is 10.9 years.

The gap between savings and life expectancy was already at $70 trillion worldwide in 2015, and the report's authors have warned if new measures are not taken to increase overall levels of savings, it will grow to $400 trillion by 2050. The picture is far worse in other countries considered by the report. Japanese women are expected to outlive their savings by nearly 20 years on average, with average savings there less than half of those in Australia. Australians and Americans had the highest level of average savings in the group at 9.7 years, ahead of the Netherlands, UK, Canada and Japan.

Han Yik, head of institutional investors industry for the World Economic Forum, said the shortfalls needed to be addressed by policymakers and individuals to protect lifestyle in non-working years.

"The real risk people need to manage when investing in their future is the risk of outliving their retirement savings," he said. "As people are living longer, they must ensure they have enough retirement funds to last them through their longer lives.

"This requires investing with a long-term mindset earlier in life to increase total savings later on." At age 65, an average Australian worker is expected to have achieved a retirement balance of 5.8 times their ending salary, with some 90 per cent falling between 3.8 and 8.4 times their ending salary.

The report said many workers remained far too risk-averse in their retirement investing, recommending some young to middle-age savers change their risk outlook and understand that outliving their savings is a far greater risk than short-term investment risk. It called for more creative decumulation solutions to assist workers who live longer after their earning ends. Last month, Treasurer Josh Frydenberg told The Australian Financial Review he would commission a review of Australia's retirement income system, including the interaction of superannuation, government pensions and, potentially, taxation.

He was "positively disposed" to a review as recommended by the Productivity Commission and signalled the re-elected Morrison government was likely to rekindle a campaign to force a dilution of union and employer group representatives on the boards of industry superannuation funds.

Document AFNR000020190613ef6e0001l




Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis reveals how to get pension credit and free TV licence

Christine Younan 
504 words
14 June 2019
01:00 AM
dailystar.co.uk
DAICO
English
Copyright 2019 

MONEY Saving Expert Martin Lewis appeared on Good Morning Britain to discuss pension credit.

Martin Lewis, founder of Money Saving Expert, appeared on ITV's Good Morning Britain to address the BBC TV licence fee.

BBC recently revealed it would axe free TV licences for all pensioners, instead means testing the benefit to save £500 million of taxpayer money.

Some pensioners who are claiming a benefit created by Gordon Brown to aide struggling elderly people - will still get their free TV licence.

However, a number of pensioners are not claiming state pension credit despite being eligible.

"[At least] 40% of those eligible don't claim it"

The 47-year-old said: "Let's hope the BBC uses all its communication resources to communicate to people that they should be claiming pension credit. That should become part of the main campaign next May when it changes."

Martin said 1.3 million homes are eligible for the credit, but don't claim it.

The Money Saving Expert said: "[At least] 40% of those eligible don't claim it.

"Let's do this together. Let's make this change. Let's talk about this, let's make this a national conversation."

Pension credit is a means-tested benefit that helps those on lower incomes by giving them extra money throughout retirement.

It is available for people who are over the state pension age, who live in England, Scotland or Wales. This is currently rising to 66 for both men and women.

Martin continued: "Pension credit has two elements, and it's effectively a top-up for pensioners to make sure they have enough money coming in. The first one, the main one, is called the guarantee element.

"It effectively says, if you as a single person have less than £167 worth of income per week or as a couple less than £255 per week, you're entitled to a top-up by the state to get you that. The income could be from pensions, jobs or savings if they're over £10,000."

The second element is called the savings element, which tends to apply to people who started their pensions before 2016, and can be worth £600 to £700 a year.

According to Martin, it's given to those who have saved a bit of money towards retirement, but still have low weekly incomes.

The pension credit claim line can be reached on 0800 99 1234. It's open Monday to Friday from 8am to 7.30pm.

You will need your national insurance number, information about your income, savings and investments, as well as details for the account you want the money to be paid into.

The earliest possible date to apply is four months before you reach your state pension age.

If you claim after you reach pension age, you can backdate your claim for up to three months.

How much you'll be paid depends on your individual circumstances.

Document DAICO00020190613ef6d0040j




Money
State pensions blunder sees 360,000 workers told they'll get paid wrong amount

By Tricia Phillips 
504 words
5 June 2019
02:00 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2019 Mirror Group Ltd 

People are being encouraged to go online and get a state pension forecast to find out how much we will receive and when

Pensions Minister Guy Opperman has been forced to admit there are 'significant problems' as hundreds of thousands of people have received incorrect state pension forecasts.

People are encouraged to go online and get a state pension forecast to find out how much we will receive and when.

Changes to the state pension age and a complex system means not everyone gets the same amount at the same age.

More than 360,000 people have been issued with online forecasts saying they will be getting a higher amount than they are actually entitled to. This is due to problems with HM Revenue & Customs data on National Insurance records, which are used to calculate how much state pension we each get. You need 35 full qualifying years to receive the full state pension of £168.60 per week.

In some cases, forecasts were more than £1,500 a year higher, according to former pensions minister Steve Webb who has been investigating this issue.

After he raised the problem with the Department for Work and Pensions who played it down as isolated errors, he contacted the Minister for Pensions asking him to investigate.

New mums 'should be given £2,000' to fight financial stress of parenthood

In a letter to Mr Webb, Opperman admitted there are problems, especially for members of workplace pensions who have complex work histories.

He said he has asked officials to explore options to further enhance accuracy. "Analysis has identified that currently no more than 3% of people will be impacted by the issue you have raised. Ommission or errors will be rectified before they retire.

"However, I nonetheless recognise there is a significant problem here."

Steve Webb, now director of policy at insurance giant Royal London, said: "People are increasingly encouraged to use online services to help plan their retirement, and the new pensions dashboard will rely heavily on such data.

"It is therefore very worrying that hundreds of thousands of people may have received incorrect state pension forecasts and in some cases will have taken decisions about their retirement plans on the basis of incorrect information."

Webb says that now the Government is aware of the scale of the problem, it must put an urgent stop to the issuing of incorrect statements. "Individuals need to have confidence that the information they receive from the government is accurate and should not have to live with the uncertainty that a statement they have already received may be seriously incorrect".

A DWP Spokesperson said: "We are aware that a small proportion of online State Pension forecasts may have been affected by errors.

"We apologise to those affected for the inconvenience. Our officials are working urgently with HMRC to make sure this problem is resolved as quickly as possible."

How to prepare for retirement

Document MIRUK00020190605ef65000mb




Business
Quick on the drawdown

504 words
15 May 2019
The Daily Express
THEEXP
1; National
30
English
(c) 2019 Express Newspapers 

Your Money

PENSIONERS are being urged to review their income drawdown plans to avoid paying tens of thousands of pounds in punitive charges over the course of their retirement.

New calculations show somebody with a £100,000 pension pot could get £32,000 less retirement income from a high-charging plan, compared to the cheapest on the market. This could also increase the likelihood of depleting their pot and running out of money in their final years.

Since pension freedoms were introduced in 2015, growing numbers have shunned annuities and invested their retirement savings through income drawdown, taking cash when they need it.

Drawdown offers greater flexibility and allows you to benefit from stock market growth and dividends but research from City watchdog the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) shows charges can differ dramatically.

Some charge as little as 0.4 per cent a year but others can total as much as 1.6 per cent. That may sound a minor difference, but over a typical 20 or 25 year retirement it can really add up, according to calculations by online investment platform AJ Bell.

DO THE SUMS If somebody with a £100,000 pot withdrew £5,000 income a year from age 65 and increased that in line with inflation, their money would last until age 92 with a 0.4 per cent charge. In total they would receive £176,722.

However at 1.6 per cent that income would run out by age 88 and they would have received £144,225 overall, or £32,497 less.

AJ Bell senior analyst Tom Selby said: "Shop around to get the best deal and review your retirement pot at least once a year."

COMPARE COSTS More than 20 companies offer drawdown including Aegon, AJ Bell, Aviva, Barnett Waddingham, Fidelity, Hargreaves Lansdown, Interactive Investor, LV=, PensionBee and Royal London.

Comparing charges is not easy as they may include set-up fees, annual administration charges, platform costs, dealing commission and underlying fund charges. A search on CompareDrawdown.co.uk suggests most providers charge more than 0.4 per cent a year. The cheapest plan it sourced, from Royal London, charged 0.85 per cent a year, with Standard Life next at 1.02 per cent. Hargreaves Lansdown charged 1.44 per cent.

DRAWBACKS Leaving your money in drawdown does allow you to benefit from stock market growth, but you will suffer if you make bad investment decisions or the market falls at the wrong time.

David Everett, partner at specialist pensions adviser LCP, said you must have some understanding of how markets work. Nobody knows how long they will live, so judging how much you can afford to draw is not easy. "It could lead to potential ruin for some," Everett warned.

If your pension is large enough you could use half to buy an annuity that gives you a guaranteed income for life, then leave the rest in drawdown.

This is a complicated area and you should consider taking independent financial advice.

Document THEEXP0020190515ef5f0002b




Money
May's big Premium Bond winners revealed - including two new millionaires

By James Andrews 
504 words
1 May 2019
09:02 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2019 Mirror Group Ltd 

Two lucky Premium Bond holders will have an extra spring in their steps at the start of May after winning £1million - this month's winning bond numbers revealed

May just got even better for two lucky Premium Bond holders, after Agent Million - the person National Savings and Investments sends to tell people they've won big - informed them they'd just become millionaires.

The first jackpot winer - from Kent - won with Premium Bond number 210VY427248, which was bought in August 2013.

The second winner, from York, bought their million-pound Premium Bond (number 152JH073647) back in February 2009.

The total amount now paid out toPremium Bondholders is more than £19billion - all of it tax-free.

But just because the big winners have been revealed, that doesn't mean there's nothing in it for you.

National Savings and Investments, who runs Premium Bonds, revealed there are now £61 million worth of prizes unclaimed from Premium Bonds waiting for people to bank.

"A huge number of customers are missing out on the joy of their Premium Bonds wins," said Jill Waters, retail director at NS&I.

In York alone there are 5,521 unclaimed prizes - worth £193,200. In Kent there are even more, with 40,623 prizes going begging worth £1,532,700 overall.

In fact, one of them is worth £50,000, having been drawn in November 2007 and never claimed.

You can find out if any of your Premium Bonds are winners by downloading the prize checker appfrom the App Store orGooglePlay, or visit the prize checker atnsandi.com.

If you think you might have won,check here.

Customers manage their Bonds online atnsandi.comand by phone.

Unclaimed premium bond prizes

How to buy Premium Bonds - full guide to opening an NS&I savings account by phone, online or by post for you, your children or grandchildren

The odds of a bond winning each month are 24,500 to 1, and the vast majority of the prizes are for £25. That works out as a 1.4% prize fund rate.

Customers can choose to have their prizes paid straight into their bank account, or to have them automatically reinvested into new Premium Bonds account, if their total holding is below the maximum threshold of £50,000.

A Premium Bond may appeal to those who like a the excitement of waiting to find out if they've won, but if you're a slow and steady saver, there are more reliable ways to grow your money.

Here'sour guide to growing your cash by finding better savings rates, whether that's through a traditional ISA or peer-to-peer lending.

We've also got tips on how tofind the best cash ISA, and3 ways to nab yourself better savings rates.

If you don't mind a gamble, but like a bit more control, you could find a stocks and shares ISA rewarding -find out more here.

Investing guides

Document MIRUK00020190430ef4u005n6




Texas Public Pension Funds Keep Pace With Major Benchmarks

504 words
25 April 2019
Exchange News Direct
EXNEWS
English
© 2019 Mondo Visione 

The investments which Texas' public pension systems selected for securing their members' retirement benefits fit closely with their long-term expectations for returns and exceeded global benchmarks. The findings are from the latest survey of 63 responding public employee retirement systems for police, firefighters, and municipal employees performed by the Maples Group for the Texas Association of Public Employee Retirement Systems.

The survey respondents - nearly two-thirds of the systems monitored by the Texas Pension Review Board - had a 7.3 percent composite return for the 20-year period ended September 30, 2018.

"It's very important that pension funds have strong long-term performance to match their employees' anticipated career path and retirement goals," said Paul Brown, the president of TEXPERS' Board of Directors. "Our members' ability to get close to future targets is remarkable. It is comforting to public employees who want to know their benefits will be there after 20 or more years of service."

While the groups' composite returns slightly underperformed their collective goal of 7.4 percent, they outperformed a widely recognized industry benchmark of global stocks and bonds. They beat, by 1.8 percent, a passive 60 percent allocation to the MSCI ACWI Index and a 40 percent allocation to the Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate over the last two decades on an annualized basis net of fees.

"It is remarkable how the pension systems have handled the preceding 20-year period," said James Perry, the Maples Group study coordinator. "Considering that it included the Dot-Com bubble and bust of 1998-2003, the global financial crisis of 2007-09, and the uncertainty of quantitative easing and its unwinding, it's safe to say that as a group these systems have successfully navigated some of the worst that the global markets have thrown at them. It's a credit to their ability to manage their members' retirement assets."

TEXPERS released its yearly " Report on the Asset Allocation and Investment Performance of Texas Public Employee Retirement Systems  " at its 30th Annual Conference for pension fund trustees and staff in Austin. The study confirmed that Texas pension funds hold 51 percent of their dollar-weighted asset allocations in domestic and international stocks. Alternative strategy investments comprised 28 percent and fixed income 20 percent of their portfolios. The respondents manage $58.45 billion in combined total assets.

Overall Texas pension funds continued to orient their target rates toward more conservative expectations. The average rate in 2018 was 7.4 percent, down from 7.5 percent in 2017, and 8.0 percent in 2013. By lowering their target rates, the pension systems have responded to widespread sentiment that the higher returns of the late 1990s and early 2000s may not be possible in future market and economic environments.

Brown recognized the following standout systems for 20-year performance above the target:

8.71 percent - Houston Municipal Employees Pension System     
8.33 percent - CPS Energy Employees' Benefit Trust 8.20 percent - Austin Police Retirement System

Document EXNEWS0020190426ef4p00006




Sport
NRL moves to appease concerns over Inglis deal

Christian Nicolussi 
504 words
18 April 2019
The Sydney Morning Herald
SMHH
First
45
English
© 2019 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.smh.com.au

The NRL has taken the extraordinary step of contacting club bosses in an attempt to address concerns about the salary cap ramifications of Greg Inglis' retirement.

As Souths prepare Inglis' post-football package, which they will take to the NRL for approval early next week, rival clubs received an email on Wednesday from chief operating officer Nick Weeks, saying no final decision had been made about what would be included and excluded from the Rabbitohs' salary cap.

While no clubs will begrudge Inglis remaining in the game, especially because of his brilliant service to rugby league on and off the field - particularly in the indigenous community - there remain questions about how much Souths will save following his retirement and how much they will have available to spend on replacements.

Inglis stood to earn about $1.5 million for the remaining 18 months of his deal.

"The short answer is that the NRL is not yet aware of the arrangements Greg has reached with the club in relation to his retirement," Weeks wrote. "We have not made any decisions in relation to how that might be treated from a cap perspective, but will do after we receive information and a submission from the Rabbitohs. We will provide you with information about this once the decision is made."

Souths said on Monday the plan was for Inglis to work with the club and NRL in a variety of coaching, community, mentoring and ambassador roles.

It is understood Inglis stands to earn about $200,000 from those proposed positions each year. Should the NRL have any issues with Souths' arrangements, the governing body has the option to force the club to absorb some of that income into their salary cap.

Some clubs believe a fair outcome would have been for Souths to carry Inglis' outstanding $500,000 on their cap for this season. Penrith did just that with Peter Wallace last year, even though he retired from the game midway through the season.

"Greg has done an enormous job in the game, he's been around a long time, we all want a place in the game for him, but we just want to make sure there is transparency," Canterbury chief executive Andrew Hill said.

Souths were already on the lookout for an outside back, but a cheap option rather than a marquee man for this year.

Brisbane's Gehamat Shibasaki remains on the radar for Souths and has worked under Wayne Bennett. Bryson Goodwin was viewed as an option for 2020, but is unlikely to be granted a release from Warrington.

Braidon Burns remains the preferred left-centre option to take over Inglis' No.3 jersey.

There have been growing calls for James Roberts to return to Redfern and work again under Bennett, but Souths sacked him for good reason the first time.

There has been no contact from Roberts' management.

Inglis broke the news to his teammates after Saturday's win over the Warriors.

Document SMHH000020190417ef4i0000y




Principal bulks up with addition of Wells Fargo's record-keeping business

Christine Williamson 
504 words
15 April 2019
Pensions & Investments
PVST
6
Volume 47; Number 8
English
(c) 2019 Crain Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Principal Financial Group will acquire the institutional retirement and trust business of Wells Fargo & Co. for $1.2 billion.

Included in the deal are Wells Fargo's record-keeping services for defined contribution, defined benefit and employee stock ownership plans; executive deferred compensation program; institutional asset advisory business; and trust and custody offerings for the retirement and non-retirement markets.

Principal will add 3.9 million retirement plan participants from Wells Fargo after the deal closes in the third quarter for a total of 7.5 million participants.

"We think this is a great move," said Daniel J. Houston, Principal's chairman, president and CEO, noting that "the retirement business increasingly has become one of scale, and this acquisition moves the needle for Principal."

Increasing consolidation within the retirement plan record-keeping industry was one of the drivers behind Principal's move now to pick up Wells Fargo's retirement business, Mr. Houston said.

Some of Wells Fargo's areas of strength, including its prominence in the $10 million to $1 billion range of the DC plan record-keeping market and close relationships with DC plan consultants, also were attractive to help Principal broaden its range of services in the DC plan market, Mr. Houston said.

Buying Wells Fargo's record-keeping and trust business will help Principal gain enough scale to move higher in the ranks of service providers.

Wells Fargo's assets under administration totaled $827 billion as of Dec. 31. As of the same date, the combined AUA of Principal and Wells Fargo for DC plans was $359 billion and $500 billion for all retirement accounts, said Jane Slusark, a Principal spokeswoman.

The combined $416.3 billion of U.S. defined contribution plan record-keeping AUA for Principal ($208.8 billion) and Wells Fargo ($207.5 billion) as of Sept. 30 would move the firm to sixth place from eighth and 10th, respectively, in Pensions & Investments' annual ranking of defined contribution record keepers, according to data provided by each firm.

About 2,500 people work in Wells Fargo's institutional retirement business, and job layoffs might be necessary as Principal assesses the synergies between the two similar businesses prior to the close of the deal, Ms. Slusark said.

Principal will maintain four of Wells Fargo's primary offices in Charlotte, N.C.; Roseville, Minn.; Waco, Texas; and Manila, Philippines, she added.

Principal will pay $1.2 billion upfront to Wells Fargo through a combination of between $400 million and $500 million in new debt and the remainder in cash, showed a Principal presentation about the deal provided to P&I.

The agreement includes an earnout of up to $150 million payable to Wells Fargo two years after the deal has closed if existing client fee revenue retention exceeds a preset level.

The firm expects to accrue $60 million of pretax run-rate net expense savings after the Wells Fargo business is fully integrated in 2022, Principal's report said.

Document PVST000020190418ef4f0000o




WSJ Pro
Public-Private Partnership Aims to Strengthen Cybersecurity Workers Pipeline; Mastercard and CIA part of program to help train and recruit new cybersecurity professionals

By Adam Janofsky 
504 words
11 April 2019
08:05 AM
WSJ Pro Cybersecurity
RSTPROCY
English
Copyright © 2019, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

A group of companies and federal agencies aim to lure new graduates into cybersecurity careers with a program of on-the-job training and student loan repayments.

Mastercard Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Workday Inc. said Tuesday they will work with 11 government agencies, including the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Energy Department, to help train and recruit new cybersecurity professionals.

As part of the Cybersecurity Talent Initiative, graduating college students apply for a two-year cybersecurity position at one of the agencies, after which they become eligible for a job at one of the three businesses. Those firms will pay up to $75,000 of a candidate's student-loan debt, on top of a salary.

In return, participating companies are hoping to get access to a new stream of recruits who pick up high-level skills during their stint in government service, said Ron Green, chief security officer at Mastercard. It will also help participating companies fill roles that require a security clearance, which often involves a lengthy screening process to access sensitive information.

"Government agencies regularly get attacked by nation state actors-that's great experience for people who go on to the private sector," he said.

The initiative is the latest example of companies trying to address a growing cybersecurity talent deficit. The estimated shortage of qualified cybersecurity talent is about 498,000 in North America and 2.93 million globally, according to ISC(2), a nonprofit association of cybersecurity professionals. This is up from a shortage of about 1.5 million in 2015.

"Companies are making a concerted effort to fill the gap?and they're reaching all the way down into the student level," said John McCumber, director of cybersecurity advocacy at ISC(2). Student loan repayments are a new tactic, he said, "but we've seen sign-on bonuses, inducements for ongoing education and companies covering the cost of cybersecurity certifications."

About two-thirds of students who graduated in 2017 had student loan debt, averaging $28,650 per borrower, according to data from the nonprofit Institute for College Access & Success.

Simply offering higher salaries doesn't address the root of the talent problem, Mr. Green said.

"Until we get more people in the field, it will continue to be that way," he said. "We're fairly aggressive with our pay, but that alone isn't going to solve the problem."

In 2018, Mastercard hired about 2,000 people for cybersecurity roles. In addition to the newly announced talent initiative, the company tries to attract job candidates with internships and an apprenticeship program with the military.

The first group of participants in the Cybersecurity Talent Initiative will be placed in government agencies in 2020. The program is also aiming to add more corporate partners, said Mr. Green.

Write to Adam Janofsky at adam.janofsky@wsj.com 

Document RSTPROCY20190410ef4a0005l




ERISA Wrap Document Provider, Clarity Benefit Solutions, Discusses the Importance of ERISA Compliance

504 words
10 April 2019
07:00 PM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2019    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

NEW YORK, April 10, 2019 /PRNewswire/ -- ERISA wrap document provider, Clarity Benefit Solutions, discusses the importance of ERISA compliance.

The Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) is a federal law that safeguards qualified retirement plans, including pensions, 401(k) plans, and profit-sharing programs. This law also regulates welfare benefit plans, such as insurance plans for group life, health, dental, disability, and supplementary fringe benefit plans. The Department of Labor enforces ERISA compliance through audits that can happen at any time, sometimes with no warning.

It is vital that employers' employee benefit and retirement plans comply with these ERISA mandates, no matter how large or small the company is. Group health plans, dental and vision plans, insured disability benefits, HSAs and FSAs, and prescription drug plans are some examples of plans that must meet ERISA's terms.

According to Section 402 of ERISA, all employee benefit plans must be established, and maintained, per a written plan document that clearly defines specific plan basics, such as the fiduciary who is authorized to manage the plan, the source of plan contributions, measures for amending and terminating the plan, and the distribution of responsibilities for the operation of the plan between the employer and the insurance carrier or third-party administrator. Plus, every plan must be outlined a document that provides participants with a detailed plan summary, which is extremely important for ERISA compliance. It is vital that the following key information is present in the summary: the plan name, the employer's federal tax identification number, the contact information for the plan administrator (name, address, and telephone number), the plan year, the plan number (for annual reporting purposes), the source of plan contributions, a claims procedure, information about plan trustees, content regarding eligibility for plan participation, the name and address of the plan's agent for service of legal process, and a statement of ERISA rights.

In addition, to maintain ERISA compliance, employers need to include information about COBRA continuation coverage as well as HIPAA pre-existing condition exclusions. Employers are legally obligated to distribute a free copy of this information to each plan participant within 30 days of the participant request. Failure to do so may result in a $110 per day penalty. And, employers who fail to meet these requirements can face fines of up to $1,100 per day for each late Form 5500.

About Clarity Benefit Solutions: Clarity Benefit Solutions provides technology that makes the health insurance plan selection process fast, easy, and straightforward. For over two decades, we have provided clients with industry-leading technology, compliance, and exceptional customer service. Our offering is designed to save time and lower the costs of managing benefits while also promoting employee self-service and automated ACA compliance.

View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/erisa-wrap-document-provider-clarity-benefit-solutions-discusses-the-importance-of-erisa-compliance-300821169.html

SOURCE Clarity Benefit Solutions

/Web site: https://claritybenefitsolutions.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020190410ef4a00040




Jorge M. Gomez Appointed to Xylem Board of Directors

504 words
28 March 2019
08:30 AM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2019    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 


RYE BROOK, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 27, 2019-- 

Xylem Inc. (NYSE:XYL), a global water technology company, announced today that Jorge M. Gomez has been elected to the Company's Board of Directors, effective immediately. Mr. Gomez currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer of Cardinal Health, Inc., a global, integrated healthcare solutions company. In that role, Mr. Gomez is responsible for all financial activities across the enterprise including financial strategy, operational finance, external reporting, investor relations, tax strategy and planning and capital deployment.

"We are pleased to welcome Jorge to the Board of Directors," said Markos I. Tambakeras, Xylem's Board Chair. "With over two decades in finance, strategy and extensive international business experience, I am confident that his insights will be of great value to our Board."

Patrick Decker, President and CEO of Xylem, added: "Jorge's accomplishments and experience leading diverse global teams and businesses will be instrumental as we continue to execute on our strategic plan and create further long-term sustainable value for our shareholders and other stakeholders."

About Jorge M. Gomez

Since 2018, Mr. Gomez has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Cardinal Health, Inc., a provider of customized solutions for hospitals, health systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories and physician offices worldwide.

Having joined Cardinal Health in 2006, Mr. Gomez has also served as chief financial officer of the Medical segment and previously the Pharmaceutical segment, as well as corporate treasurer and corporate controller. Prior to this, Mr. Gomez held positions at General Motors Corporation including executive and managerial posts in New York, Singapore, Belgium and Brazil. In addition, Mr. Gomez has deep business experience in the Asia Pacific, European and Latin American regions.

About Xylem

Xylem (XYL) is a leading global water technology company committed to developing innovative technology solutions to the world's water challenges. The Company's products and services move, treat, analyze, monitor and return water to the environment in public utility, industrial, residential and commercial building services settings. Xylem also provides a leading portfolio of smart metering, network technologies and advanced infrastructure analytics solutions for water, electric and gas utilities. The Company's approximately 17,000 employees bring broad applications expertise with a strong focus on identifying comprehensive, sustainable solutions. Headquartered in Rye Brook, New York, with 2018 revenue of $5.2 billion, Xylem does business in more than 150 countries through a number of market-leading product brands. The name Xylem is derived from classical Greek and is the tissue that transports water in plants, highlighting the engineering efficiency of our water-centric business by linking it with the best water transportation of all -- that which occurs in nature. For more information, please visit us at www.xylem.com.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190327005856/en/


 
    CONTACT: Jenny Rider 

914-246-7184

jenny.rider@xylem.inc

Gill Curran

353 1 678 9333

gill.curran@edelman.com 


 
    SOURCE: Xylem 
Copyright Business Wire 2019 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020190327ef3r000fc




Financial wellness for grads featured

504 words
26 March 2019
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2019, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

University of Wyoming ; Laramie, WY - features

By Sydney De Vault

Finances can be a very daunting part of growing up for any young adult, but there are some tips and basic knowledge that can make this responsibility easier.

Advice on budgeting, credit and other aspects will be the focus of a financial wellness seminar for students hosted today from 1 to 3 p.m. in Classroom Building room 144.

Financial wellness includes knowing how to manage personal finances, budget, repay loans and save for retirement. Though upon graduating students may be making a steady income, following graduation there are a variety of expenses that will begin to-rent, utilities, insurance, payback of loans and general costs of living. Financial wellness skills can help alleviate the stress of adult financial responsibilities.

One of the most important aspects of finances is a budget, which may be simple to create but difficult to stick to. Creating a budget allows people to evaluate the money they spend on a monthly basis, change their spending habits and save more.

Budgeting for many allows people to reach their financial goals of travel or purchasing their first home much faster than those who do not create or follow their budgets. This is especially critical since easy access to money, like through credit, makes the temptation for overspending on nonessentials much higher than it once was, according to TheBalance.com.

Another very important aspect of finances is to maintain a good credit score. The idea of a credit score and decisions made in your early 20s impacting the rest of your life can seem daunting to students and recent grads.

To build and maintain a good credit score, people should always pay their cards and loans on time, avoid using a credit card if they do not or cannot pay the bill and be careful and do their research before opening a credit card account, according to MoneyCrashers.com.

Despite its pitfalls, credit can also be helpful and may even be required for future purchases like a mortgage loan. If maintained well, credit can only positively impact your life in the future.

For many upon graduating the most intimidating and immediate financial need is paying back any student loans. Most payment plans span over a 10-year period for student loans, unless the student opted or qualified for a different payment option. Many federal loans offer the ability to change the date, amount or even plan if you find yourself having a hard time making the payments.

While growing up might be seen as a stressful task due mostly to the finance responsibilities that are suddenly thrust upon you, there are ways that you can avoid or lessen the stress that so many people seem to find themselves wrapped up in. From budgeting to basic research on credit cards and so much more, there are ways that you can ensure your finance security for your future.

Comments

comments

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020190326ef3q001kq




Money,Mrs Crunch
YOU WANT SALM? Mrs Crunch shares three delicious and versatile smoked salmon recipes for lunches and dinners

By Mrs Crunch 
504 words
24 March 2019
05:27 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

Smoked salmon is great for your health as it is full of protein, brain-boosting omega-3 fatty acids plus B vitamins, magnesium and selenium

SMOKED salmon is great with cream cheese on a bagel for breakfast - but this tasty fish is really versatile.

So use it in fantastic lunches and dinners too. It is great for your health as it is full of protein, brain-boosting omega-3 fatty acids plus B vitamins, magnesium and selenium.

Smoked salmon pasta

(Serves 2 - £1.25 per serving)

Prep time: 5 mins

Cooking: 15 mins

YOU NEED:

* 200g tagliatelle

* ½ tbsp olive oil

* 1 clove garlic, finely chopped

* 100g cream cheese

* 1 lemon zest, plus juice, to taste

* 120g Morrisons smoked salmon

* Handful of finely chopped dill (about 10g)

* Pepper to taste

METHOD:

* Cook the pasta according to pack instructions - about 10 minutes, until al dente (still has a bit of bite).

* Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large saucepan and cook the garlic for 1-2 minutes until softened. Add the cream cheese, lemon zest, a little of the juice and freshly ground black pepper.

* Do not add salt at this stage, as the salmon is salty.

* Drain the pasta but reserve a few spoonfuls of the cooking water.

* Add the salmon and dill to the sauce, along with the cooking water to loosen it a little.

* Toss together and season with more pepper and lemon juice, to taste, before serving.

Smoked salmon and broccoli quiche

(Serves 4 - £2.10 per serving)

Prep: 20 mins

Cooking: 40 mins

YOU NEED:

* 1 tsp sunflower oil

* 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped

* 1 clove garlic, peeled and crushed

* 175g broccoli, cut into florets

* 2 medium eggs

* 100ml whole milk

* 1 Morrisons Perfect Pastry savoury pastry case (185g)

* 120g smoked salmon slices, roughly chopped

* 1 tbsp freshly chopped parsley

* 100g grated mature Cheddar cheese

* Freshly ground black pepper

METHOD:

* Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan/ Gas mark 4. In a frying pan, heat a little oil, add the onion and garlic, and soften for 3-4 minutes.

* Bring a large pan of water to the boil and blanch the broccoli florets for 3-4 minutes, drain well and set aside. Beat the eggs and milk together in a bowl.

* Put the pastry case on a non-stick baking tray. Arrange the softened broccoli on the bottom of the pastry case then add the onion, garlic and salmon slices.

* Pour the egg mixture over the broccoli and salmon. Sprinkle half the herbs and cheese over the top of the quiche and cook in the oven for 30-35 minutes, or until the egg is set.

* Allow to cool slightly, then serve.

Low-fat smoked salmon pate

(Serves 4 - £1.50 per serving)

Prep: 10 mins

YOU NEED:

* 120g smoked salmon

* 110g low fat cream cheese

* 300ml fat-free yoghurt

* 1 tbsp lemon juice

* Freshly ground black pepper

Document THESCOT020190323ef3n005ej




Money,Mrs Crunch
YOU WANT SALM? Mrs Crunch shares three delicious and versatile smoked salmon recipes for lunches and dinners

By Mrs Crunch 
504 words
24 March 2019
05:27 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2019 

Smoked salmon is great for your health as it is full of protein, brain-boosting omega-3 fatty acids plus B vitamins, magnesium and selenium

SMOKED salmon is great with cream cheese on a bagel for breakfast - but this tasty fish is really versatile.

So use it in fantastic lunches and dinners too. It is great for your health as it is full of protein, brain-boosting omega-3 fatty acids plus B vitamins, magnesium and selenium.

Smoked salmon pasta

(Serves 2 - £1.25 per serving)

Prep time: 5 mins

Cooking: 15 mins

YOU NEED:

* 200g tagliatelle

* ½ tbsp olive oil

* 1 clove garlic, finely chopped

* 100g cream cheese

* 1 lemon zest, plus juice, to taste

* 120g Morrisons smoked salmon

* Handful of finely chopped dill (about 10g)

* Pepper to taste

METHOD:

* Cook the pasta according to pack instructions - about 10 minutes, until al dente (still has a bit of bite).

* Meanwhile, heat the oil in a large saucepan and cook the garlic for 1-2 minutes until softened. Add the cream cheese, lemon zest, a little of the juice and freshly ground black pepper.

* Do not add salt at this stage, as the salmon is salty.

* Drain the pasta but reserve a few spoonfuls of the cooking water.

* Add the salmon and dill to the sauce, along with the cooking water to loosen it a little.

* Toss together and season with more pepper and lemon juice, to taste, before serving.

Smoked salmon and broccoli quiche

(Serves 4 - £2.10 per serving)

Prep: 20 mins

Cooking: 40 mins

YOU NEED:

* 1 tsp sunflower oil

* 1 onion, peeled and finely chopped

* 1 clove garlic, peeled and crushed

* 175g broccoli, cut into florets

* 2 medium eggs

* 100ml whole milk

* 1 Morrisons Perfect Pastry savoury pastry case (185g)

* 120g smoked salmon slices, roughly chopped

* 1 tbsp freshly chopped parsley

* 100g grated mature Cheddar cheese

* Freshly ground black pepper

METHOD:

* Preheat oven to 180C/160C fan/ Gas mark 4. In a frying pan, heat a little oil, add the onion and garlic, and soften for 3-4 minutes.

* Bring a large pan of water to the boil and blanch the broccoli florets for 3-4 minutes, drain well and set aside. Beat the eggs and milk together in a bowl.

* Put the pastry case on a non-stick baking tray. Arrange the softened broccoli on the bottom of the pastry case then add the onion, garlic and salmon slices.

* Pour the egg mixture over the broccoli and salmon. Sprinkle half the herbs and cheese over the top of the quiche and cook in the oven for 30-35 minutes, or until the egg is set.

* Allow to cool slightly, then serve.

Low-fat smoked salmon pate

(Serves 4 - £1.50 per serving)

Prep: 10 mins

YOU NEED:

* 120g smoked salmon

* 110g low fat cream cheese

* 300ml fat-free yoghurt

* 1 tbsp lemon juice

* Freshly ground black pepper

Document THESUK0020190323ef3n004xv




RealEstate
No room for emotional baggage

SAMANTHA HEALY 
504 words
1 March 2019
Bribie Weekly
APNBRW
BribieWeekly
20
English
© 2019 News Limited. All rights reserved. 

SENTIMENTAL KEEPSAKES WON'T HELP SELL YOUR HOUSE SO PACK THEM AWAY, WRITES SAMANTHA HEALY

PLANNING to sell your family home? You had better box up any emotional baggage. Sure, your collection of travel curios may bring back fond memories, and that quirky family photograph may prompt a chuckle, but they can be a huge turn-off for potential buyers.

"The point of staging a house for sale is to encourage buyers to imagine themselves living in the home, creating an immediate emotional connection with the property," Laura Sinclair of Place Graceville said.

"This is difficult to achieve when the house is still filled with personal items from the current owners." Ms Sinclair said there were six things to always consider when preparing a property.

"The No. 1 rule of staging a house for sale is to use a minimalist approach. Clutter is distracting and makes spaces feel smaller, by decluttering you invite buyers to view a functional space, rather than mess," she said.

Lighting is also an important factor and can even impact the mood of a potential buyer. Ms Sinclair said ensure there is plenty of natural light flowing in, and when that's not possible, switch every available light on.

As for street appeal, Ms Sinclair said a good first impression could make a buyer fall in love with a property before they even stepped through the front door.

"Think about freshening up the garden or painting the front fence," she said. Selling a house was also not the time to "flaunt bold colours", with neutral tones appealing to more buyers.

A clean house was also a major selling point, with Ms Sinclair noting something as simple as a dirty sink could be a deal-breaker.

And finally, the hardest part - turning a property from a home into a stranger's dream house.

"When selling your property, it can be helpful to remove family photos, cards and any other personal items which may distract potential buyers from seeing their own future in the home," she said.

Brisbane's Look Home Staging founder Heidi Fenton-Smith said having renters still living in the house was also often a turn-off for buyers who see clutter rather than the house itself.

"They are not invested in the process and therefore shouldn't be given the task of presenting the property for sale," she said.

"Buyers and investors do find it difficult to look past the furniture and/or mess." Ms Fenton-Smith, who has styled many homes for sale, said that owners who had lived in the property for a long time often could not see the negatives that would be clearly visible to people visiting for the first time.

She said home styling was no longer just used to promote a high-end sale. "Many of the properties we style are low-mid range houses, townhouses and units," Ms Fenton-Smith said."Statistics show that styled properties sell faster and for a higher price."

Document APNBRW0020191003ef31002e5




PitchBook Unveils Interactive Dashboard on US Venture Capital Financing in Female-Founded Companies

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
28 February 2019
Contify Investment News
ATINVT
English
Copyright © 2019. Contify.com 

SEATTLE, Feb. 28 -- Pitchbook issued the following news release:

PitchBook, the premier data provider for the private and public equity markets, today released The VC Female Founders Dashboard in honor of Women's History month in March as well as International Women's Day on March 8, 2019. The dashboard illustrates US VC investment activity in female-founded startups across sectors and geographies over time. Users can interact with charts including total investment activity by state, MSA, industry and stage and filter by "female-only" founded startups and "female & male" founders. PitchBook also profiles select female-founded companies and female-founded VC firms with mandates to invest in minority and women-led businesses (MWB). According to the first iteration of the Dashboard, startups with all female founders received $2.9 billion in VC investment in 2018, representing 2.3% of all VC dollars invested in 2018, down from 2.7% in 2017. The dashboard will be updated on a monthly-basis and can be accessed here(https://pitchbook.com/news/articles/the-vc-female-founders-dashboard).

"While the number of deals closed by startups with all female founders has more than quadrupled since 2008, deal count still represented just 6% of all venture financings in 2018," said Joelle Sostheim, VC analyst at PitchBook. "Heightened awareness of the funding gap has helped increase resources to support female founders - it is our goal to closely monitor and report on these programs and emerging trends with the dashboard."

US Key Takeaways Uncovered by PitchBook's Female Founder VC Dashboard:

* In terms of capital invested, the percentage of financing in female-only founded startups has hovered between 1.7-3.3% since 2008.

* In 2018, female-only founded startups closed 81 late-stage deals totaling $1.5 billion, more than doubling deal value since 2017 ($747 million). The increase in late-stage deals for this group suggests a healthy maturation of female-founded companies and ability to raise growth capital.

* Some valuable startups with all female founders include, Humacyte ($789 million post-money valuation), The RealReal ($745 million post-money valuation) and Moda Operandi ($650 million post-money valuation).

To view the complete Female Founder VC Dashboard, click here(https://pitchbook.com/news/articles/the-vc-female-founders-dashboard).

About PitchBook

PitchBook is a financial data and software company that provides transparency into the capital markets to help professionals discover and execute opportunities with confidence and efficiency. PitchBook collects and analyzes detailed data on the entire venture capital, private equity and M&A; landscape-including public and private companies, investors, funds, investments, exits and people. The company's data and analysis are available through the PitchBook Platform, industry news and in-depth reports. Founded in 2007, PitchBook has offices in Seattle, San Francisco, New York and London and serves more than 23,000 professionals around the world. In 2016, Morningstar acquired PitchBook, which now operates as an independent subsidiary.

Source: Pitchbook

Document ATINVT0020190306ef2s0008d




Investing Action Plan
Tesla's Big Deadline, Key Indicators, Foot Locker Due: Investing Action Plan

JASON MA 
504 words
28 February 2019
Investor's Business Daily
INVDAI
English
(c) 2019 Investor's Business Daily 

Here's your Investing Action Plan for Friday: what you need to know as an investor for the coming day. Tesla faces a deadline for repaying convertible notes it issues, putting Tesla stock into motion tomorrow, while several important economic indicators are due as well as Foot Locker earnings.

Tesla Stock Shortfall

On Friday, $920 million in Tesla convertible senior notes will expire at a conversion price of $359.87 per share.

If Tesla stock were valued at or above the conversion price, then the debt would convert to new shares and the company wouldn't have to pay off those notes with cash.

But Tesla stock rose 1.6% to close at 319.88 on the stock market today, meaning Elon Musk will likely have to come up with the payment in cash, barring a stunning rally.

Late Thursday, Electrek reported that Tesla has finally started selling Model 3s for a $35,000 price tag, though with shorter range. While the starting base price of the Model 3 has always been listed at $35,000, it hasn't been possible to actually buy it for that price as other features pushed it well past $35,000.

Tesla stock dipped in late trading.

Economic Indicators

The Commerce Department will release the December report for personal income and spending at 8:30 a.m. ET. Due to the government shutdown, the report was delayed. The January report, which was supposed to come out Friday, has been pushed back. After the December retail sales report showed a surprise drop, the personal income and spending report could offer more perspective. Analysts see a 0.3% month-over-month drop in spending and a 0.4% gain in income. The report also contains the Federal Reserve's preferred inflation gauge.

The Institute for Supply Management will release its U.S. manufacturing activity gauge, and analysts see a drop to a still-robust 55.2 in February from 56.6 in January amid President Donald Trump's ongoing trade wars.

Foot Locker Earnings

The athletic gear retailer reports Q4 results before the market opens. Analysts expect EPS to grow 10% to $1.39, while revenue dips 1.4% to $2.18 billion.

Last week, Foot Locker announced a 10% dividend hike and OK'd a $1.2 billion stock buyback. And earlier this month, it made the biggest investment in its history with a $100 million stake in GOAT Group, which operates marketplaces where sneakers collectors can buy authentic brand shoes.

Foot Locker stock rose 0.25% to 59.52.

YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE:

Get Free IBD Newsletters: Market Prep | Tech Report | How To Invest

Tesla Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis

Tesla Stock Falls As Watchdog Yanks Model 3 Reliability Rating

Inside Investor's Corner: Master This Key Profit-Taking Sell Rule

Which Way Is The Stock Market Going Now? Read This Column Each Day

Watch All IBD Educational Videos On YouTube

Document INVDAI0020190301ef2s0000d




RealEstate
No room for emotional baggage

SAMANTHA HEALY 
504 words
28 February 2019
Wynnum Herald
WYNHER
Wynnum
14
English
© 2019 News Limited. All rights reserved. 

SENTIMENTAL KEEPSAKES WON'T HELP SELL YOUR HOUSE SO PACK THEM AWAY, WRITES SAMANTHA HEALY

PLANNING to sell your family home? You had better box up any emotional baggage. Sure, your collection of travel curios may bring back fond memories, and that quirky family photograph may prompt a chuckle, but they can be a huge turn-off for potential buyers.

"The point of staging a house for sale is to encourage buyers to imagine themselves living in the home, creating an immediate emotional connection with the property," Laura Sinclair of Place Graceville said.

"This is difficult to achieve when the house is still filled with personal items from the current owners." Ms Sinclair said there were six things to always consider when preparing a property.

"The No. 1 rule of staging a house for sale is to use a minimalist approach. Clutter is distracting and makes spaces feel smaller, by decluttering you invite buyers to view a functional space, rather than mess," she said.

Lighting is also an important factor and can even impact the mood of a potential buyer. Ms Sinclair said ensure there is plenty of natural light flowing in, and when that's not possible, switch every available light on.

As for street appeal, Ms Sinclair said a good first impression could make a buyer fall in love with a property before they even stepped through the front door.

"Think about freshening up the garden or painting the front fence," she said. Selling a house was also not the time to "flaunt bold colours", with neutral tones appealing to more buyers.

A clean house was also a major selling point, with Ms Sinclair noting something as simple as a dirty sink could be a deal-breaker.

And finally, the hardest part - turning a property from a home into a stranger's dream house.

"When selling your property, it can be helpful to remove family photos, cards and any other personal items which may distract potential buyers from seeing their own future in the home," she said.

Brisbane's Look Home Staging founder Heidi Fenton-Smith said having renters still living in the house was also often a turn-off for buyers who see clutter rather than the house itself.

"They are not invested in the process and therefore shouldn't be given the task of presenting the property for sale," she said.

"Buyers and investors do find it difficult to look past the furniture and/or mess." Ms Fenton-Smith, who has styled many homes for sale, said that owners who had lived in the property for a long time often could not see the negatives that would be clearly visible to people visiting for the first time.

She said home styling was no longer just used to promote a high-end sale. "Many of the properties we style are low-mid range houses, townhouses and units," Ms Fenton-Smith said."Statistics show that styled properties sell faster and for a higher price."

Document WYNHER0020190227ef2s0000j




Australia: Joanne Martin Owns Trademark for 'OWN YOUR ROAD' and 'WOMAN,SILHOUETTE,ARMS-OUTSTRETCHED IN CIRCLE,INCOMPLETE'

504 words
23 February 2019
Australian Government News
HTAUGN
English
Copyright 2019. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

Australia, Feb. 23 -- Joanne Martin, owns the trademark (1939748) for 'OWN YOUR ROAD' and 'WOMAN,SILHOUETTE,ARMS-OUTSTRETCHED IN CIRCLE,INCOMPLETE' from July 12, 2018, through July 12, 2028.

Status: registered: Registered/protected

Class: 41 [Academies (education); Arranging and conducting of in-person educational forums; Education information; Education services; Educational examination; Health education; Life coaching services (training or education services); Mentoring (education and training); Organisation of competitions (education or entertainment); Organisation of exhibitions for cultural or educational purposes; Physical education; Providing information, including online, about education, training, entertainment, sporting and cultural activities; Provision of education services via an online forum; Provision of educational information; Publication of educational materials; Rental of educational materials or apparatus; Vocational guidance (education or training advice); Coaching (training); Arranging and conducting of conferences; Correspondence courses; Film production, other than advertising films; Conducting guided tours; Health club services (health and fitness training); Lending library services; Rental of lighting apparatus for theatrical sets or television studios; Modelling for artists; Movie studio services; Providing online electronic publications (not downloadable); Providing online videos, not downloadable; Providing digital music (not downloadable) from the Internet; Organisation of fashion shows for entertainment purposes; Organisation of balls; Organisation of shows (impresario services); Party planning (entertainment); Personal trainer services (fitness training); Photographic reporting; Photography; Practical training (demonstration); Presentation of live performances; Publication of books; Publication of texts (other than publicity texts); Weblog (blog) services (online publication of journals or diaries); Production of radio and television programmes; Radio entertainment; Sound recording services; Screenplay writing; Scriptwriting services; Arranging and conducting of seminars; Production of shows; Rental of show scenery; Songwriting; Rental of sound recordings; Rental of sports equipment (except vehicles); Rental of stage scenery; Subtitling; Arranging and conducting of symposiums; Teaching; Instruction services; Tutoring; Videotape editing; Videotaping; Vocational retraining; Conducting workshops (training); Writing of texts (other than publicity texts); Recording studio services; Providing recreation facilities; Recreation information; Adult training; Arranging and conducting of workshops (training); Arranging of exhibitions for training purposes; Business training services; Lifestyle counselling and consultancy (training); Organisation of training courses; Personal development training; Training; Book publishing; Publication of electronic books and journals online; Publishing of books; Rental of books; Publication of multimedia material online; Rental of instructional material; Instruction in body awareness; Editing of written text; Video editing; Layout services, other than for advertising purposes; Production of audio and/or video recordings, other than advertising; Production of audio/visual presentations; Provision of recording studio facilities; Digital imaging services (editing of images); Electronic publication of information on a wide range of topics, including online and over a global computer network; Online (electronic) publication of news]

Type of Mark: Figurative

Date of Acceptance: July 30, 2018

Registration Advertised: Feb. 20

For further details contact Acacia Law.

The original document can be viewed at: https://search.ipaustralia.gov.au/trademarks/search/view/1939748.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document HTAUGN0020190227ef2n0000a




California college activists rally together for financial aid reform

504 words
22 February 2019
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2019, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

California State University - Sacramento; Sacramento, CA - news

By

Students, administrators and legislators held a rally to reform college financial aid on the west steps of the State Capitol Wednesday afternoon.

The Student Senate of California Community Colleges, the University of California Student Association and the Cal State Student Association rallied together with legislators, administrations, research organizations and advocacy groups to call for financial aid reform for all college students to our state leaders.

Mia Kagianas, president of the Cal State Student Association and former Sacramento State Associated Students, Inc. president said she worked with other leaders from different student organizations.

"At the start of the fall semester, myself as well as the president of the University of California Student Association, and the president of Student State Senate of California Community Colleges came together," said Kagianas.

Mia Kagianas, President of the Cal State Student Association and Sac State Student discusses why she felt she needed to get involved in fixing the financial aid system for California students @TheStateHornet pic.twitter.com/VsN04sMrex

- Jonathan Nack (@jonathanjnack) February 20, 2019

Kagianas said when they came together they discussed what was really affecting students and realized it was financial aid.

The cost of tuition, housing, food, transportation, books and supplies are not met according to Jose Medina, an assemblyman from Riverside.

"We know from the students that Cal Grant does not cover all the costs," Medina said. "Things that are really major parts of the cost of higher education."

According to Assemblyman Jesse Gabriel from Encino and author of Assembly Bill 541 and 542, one in 20 California college students experiences homelessness.

Isabella-Marie Engel, student and secretary of sustainability at Sacramento City college said she heard about the rally through the senate meeting.

Isabella-Marie Engel a student at Sacramento city college speaks on why she felt is was so important to take part in the rally at the capital @TheStateHornet pic.twitter.com/QG87vFKY8S

- Jonathan Nack (@jonathanjnack) February 20, 2019

"It's super important to advocate on behalf of all students for me because I am a student leader," Engel said. "Financial aid is incredibly important and I am a receiver of the Cal Grant - without it I wouldn't be able to go to school."

Eloy Oakley, chancellor of the California community college system, sponsors Senate bill 291.

"Increasingly a college degree is a deciding factor in the ability to achieve social and economical mobility," said Oakley.

Senate Bill 291 would establish the California Community College Student Financial Aid program to community college students. The program gives eligibility to students that need financial aid and attend an eligible California community college.

"Students have been heard loud and clear that the financial aid system that is in place is outdated, over-complex and really does not serve the needs of California students," said Medina.

RELATED: ASI President Mia Kagianas on potential CSU tuition increase

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020190222ef2m0010y




Funds
Calpers Investment Chief Renews Pitch for Private-Equity Revamp; Staff of the nation's largest pension is trying to sell a new investment model to its sometimes skeptical board

By Chris Cumming 
504 words
21 February 2019
11:16 PM
Private Equity News
PRIEQN
English
© 2019 Financial News Ltd. All rights reserved. 

The board of the nation's largest pension still has plenty of questions about a proposed shake-up in its private-equity strategy, roughly two years after the pension's staff began developing the plan.

Ben Meng, chief investment officer of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, on Tuesday detailed the proposed new strategy for private-equity investing, arguing that without it the underfunded pension system could have trouble hitting return targets and making its required payouts to retirees.

Mr. Meng, who joined the $337 billion fund last month, argued that the new strategy was necessary to get more exposure to the best-performing private-equity managers.

"We need private equity, we need more of it, and we need it now," he said.

Calpers' private-equity reform has attracted some controversy since it was unveiled last May, after more than a year of discussion behind-the-scenes.

The plan would hire general partners to manage two new companies initially funded entirely by Calpers but not part of the pension system. One company would make late-stage venture-capital investments and one would seek investments with longer hold times than the five years typical for private equity.

On Tuesday, several members of Calpers 13-person board expressed skepticism about the proposal, citing concerns about transparency and oversight. Others, however, appeared to support the plan. There is no timeline for a board vote on the proposal, a Calpers spokeswoman wrote in an email.

The governance structure "gives me pause," said California State Controller Betty Yee, who said she was concerned that the board would be giving up its oversight responsibilities to the outside managers.

California State Treasurer Fiona Ma also said she had doubts.

"Setting up a whole new division with more people, and trying to attract the top talent, is going to be difficult, and I'm not leaning in that direction," she said.

The fund's meeting on Tuesday continued with discussions between the board and the staff that were closed to the public.

Calpers' private-equity plans have come into focus slowly, as the pension has fielded tough questions about the approach amid significant staff turnover. The plan was developed under former CIO Ted Eliopoulos, whose departure was announced three days before the new model was rolled out. Former chief operating officer Elisabeth Bourqui resigned last month after about six months on the job.

The fund is also without a permanent head of private equity. Sarah Corr is serving as interim head for the asset class and Calpers is currently interviewing candidates for the permanent role, a spokeswoman for the pension wrote in an email.

Mr. Meng on Tuesday advocated for a sharp increase in private-equity commitments. Private-equity was Calpers' best-performing asset class last year, with a 6.3% net return, though it underperformed its policy benchmark.

Document PRIEQN0020190221ef2l0005l




Money,News Money,Bills
LEAVE ME HANGING Virgin Mobile to hike prices by up to £107 a year for 250,000 customers

By Helen Knapman, Digital Deputy Consumer Editor 
504 words
22 February 2019
03:49 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

Customers on social media have been complaining about bills rising by a whopping £8.87 a month-or nearly £107 a year

A QUARTER of a million Virgin Mobile customers will see their prices hiked by more than £100 a year in come cases.

From their April bill onwards, around 250,000 Virgin Mobile pay monthly and Sim-only users will see price rises.

These are not inflation linked increases, which is what we've seen announced by EE, O2, and Three Mobile in recent weeks.

Instead, these come amid a shakeup by Virgin Mobile of "old tariffs".

Virgin Mobile couldn't given us an average increase but we've seen customers on social media complaining about bills rising by a whopping £8.87 a month - or nearly £107 a year.

One user tweeted: "Virgin wants to increase my mobile line rental by £8.87 per month from £4.13 to £13.00? 15 months into a 36 month contract!!!"

Another said: "Virgin Mobile changing my £4.13pm contract (6GB data, unltd texts, 1500 mins) to £13pm (5GB, unltd texts 2500 mins)? It's disgusting!!"

Someone else wrote: "Virgin Mobile changing my £4.13pm contract (6GB data, unltd texts, 1500 mins) to £13pm (5GB data, unltd texts, 2500 mins). Can they do this?"

Virgin Mobile says affected users will be contacted about the hikes by letter or email.

But affected customers are allowed to alter or cancel their contracts penalty free, as long as they do so by March 31.

It's worth bearing in mind that Virgin Media is likely to up prices again this year in line with inflation.

The provider wouldn't confirm to us how it will calculate increases this year, but last year Virgin Mobile upped prices by 3.3 per cent in line with March's retail prices index (RPI) measure of inflation.

A Virgin Media spokesperson said: "We want our customers to enjoy our latest and greatest mobile plans so we're removing some old tariffs and making a limited number of price adjustments for a small number of customers.

"Any changes made will be communicated clearly to our customers."

Virgin Mobile has 3.1million customers in total. Pay-as-you-go (PAYG) customers are unaffected.

The group's parent company, Virgin Media, hiked bills for millions of broadband, TV and home phone customers by 4.5 per cent last autumn.

Sky is also hiking prices for millions of customers by £42 this year.

But we've put together a guide on how to avoid Sky's price rises - and you could save HUNDREDS of pounds.

Plus, we've put together three steps to avoid the EE, Three Mobile and Vodafone price rises.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESCOT020190221ef2l005en




Money,Shopping,Tesco
PUMP WARS Tesco gives Scots chance to save on petrol as supermarket brings back popular 5p off a litre offer

By Alice Grahns, Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
20 February 2019
10:19 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

The deal is available to customers who spend at least £50 in a Tesco store or online until this Sunday

TESCO has brought back an offer that gives motorists 5p off every litre of petrol or diesel.

The current deal is available to customers who spend £50 in a Tesco store or online until this Sunday, February 24.

All you need to do to enjoy the offer is spend at least £50 in a Tesco store, where you'll be given a voucher valid for two weeks.

Or if you're an online customer and spend £50 or more, you'll receive the fuel coupon when your groceries are delivered or when you pick them up in a store. This must be used by March 3.

To redeem the coupon, simply fill up your car at a Tesco petrol station and hand it over to get your discount.

Tesco says it can only be used on one purchase of fuel, up to a maximum of 100 litres.

Ways to cut down on your fuel costs

HERE are some tips on how you can slash the cost of fuel

* Make your car more fuel-efficient. You can do this by keeping your tyres inflated, taking the roof rack off, emptying your car of clutter and turning off your air con when driving at lower speeds.

* Find the cheapest fuel prices. PetrolPrices.com and Confused.com allows you to search prices of UK petrol stations. All you need to do is enter in your postcode and tell it how far you want to travel (up to 20 miles).

* Drive more efficiently. Some ways to do this, include:

* Accelerate gradually without over-revving

* Always drive on the highest possible gear

* If you can, allow your car to slow down naturally as your brake is a money burner

* Re-starting your car is expensive, if you can keep moving

The £50 spending excludes purchases at any café & tobacco kiosks and of fuel, lottery products, gift cards, stamps, prescriptions, infant milk formula, Tesco Bank, and on travel money.

For the full terms and conditions, see Tesco's website.

As always, it is worth comparing petrol prices to nearby stations in advance to make sure you're not paying more than you have to - though the 5p off a litre may outweigh any difference.

The Tesco offer may come in handy as petrol prices are set to soar by £160 a year.

Sainsbury's and Asda's mega-merger is also being probed over fears it could send petrol prices sky-high.

Petrol and diesel prices have actually fallen for a third month in a row, yet retailers are still failing to pass the savings onto customers.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESCOT020190220ef2k00209


Making a Will and how you can make a donation to charity

Carolyn Tilly, Tilly Bailey & Irvine 
504 words
18 February 2019
Hartlepool Mail
HARTML
English
© 2019 Johnston Publishing Limited 

The process of making a will is something that is so often overlooked or put off until it is too late.

It is not surprising at times, particularly when you ask yourself the question why would I want to think about my death?' when at an age where you might still feel energetic and healthy.

When the time is right, the process is one that you will be thanked for - and indeed thankful for yourself - when the real benefits after you are gone are learned. Apart from it being a positive gesture, those who include a legacy' charity donation in their will can also soften an additional burden that comes following your death.

As the famous quote goes: "only two things in life are certain: death and taxes".

If you are worried about the Inheritance Tax that might have to be paid when you die, leaving a gift to charity can in fact reduce the bill. Leaving a part or your entire estate to charity can reduce and even cancel out the Inheritance Tax liability, as a donation in your will does not count towards the total taxable value - known as a charitable legacy'.

You can also cut the Inheritance Tax rate on the rest of your estate from 40% to 36% if you leave at least 10% of your net estate' to a charity.

Of course, what is there to stop you from donating right away? Cash donations or anything you own again are not counted as part of your estate after your death. Again, Inheritance Tax could be cut or even eliminated by this gesture. There could also be some relief from Income Tax when you donate to a charity while you are still alive.

Nicola Dalzell, Partner and Head of Wills at Tilly, Bailey & Irvine, said "leaving a legacy to a charity close to your heart helps that charity carry on their amazing work and from a tax point of view, leaving a legacy to a charity helps mitigate inheritance tax."

The UK is well known for its generosity. Almost £10billion was donated to charity last year alone, £2.8billion of that courtesy of people leaving money to a cause in their Will. Despite this and over 35% of over-40s in the UK saying they would give a small amount of money in their Will, only 6.3% actually go through with that promise.

Talk through your intentions with your family to ensure no heartache occurs in the distant future when everything plays out. If a charity is concerned, this is also the time to explain to them how proud you are of this donation, and explain to others close to you just what they can do to help.

If you want to make a difference, don't hesitate to contact Tilly Bailey & Irvine's wills and probate solicitors in Teesside from offices in Stockton, Hartlepool, Wynyard or Barnard Castle on 01429 350062.

Document HARTML0020190219ef2i000b5


NAVIENT SOLUTIONS: Daniel et al. Seek to Certify Class & Subclasses

504 words
18 February 2019
Class Action Reporter
CLASSAR
21
English
Copyright 2019. Beard Group, Inc. 


In the class action lawsuit EDWING DANIEL, WILLIAM COTTRILL, BROOKE
PADGETT, ELAINE LAREINA LAI, the Plaintiffs, vs. NAVIENT SOLUTIONS,
LLC, the Defendant, Case No. 8:17-cv-02503-SCB-JSS (M.D. Fla., Jan.
31, 2019), the Plaintiff asks the Court for an order:

   1. certifying the case as a class action pursuant to Rule
      23(b)(3) on behalf of the Class of:

      "all individuals in the United States who: (1) have federal 
      student loans that are or were serviced by Navient Solutions

      LLC; (2) are, or after October 1, 2007, were, employed full-
      time in public service by a qualifying organization for 
      purposes of the PSLF program; (3) were told by Navient their

      loans were eligible for the PSLF program; and (4) on or 
      after October 25, 2013, learned they were ineligible for the

      PSLF program because their federal student loans are not 
      Direct Loans and/or they were not on a payment plan that is 
      eligible for the PSLF program";

   2. certifying Subclasses:

      Florida Subclass defined as:

      "all individuals who: (1) are residents of Florida; (2) have

      federal student loans that were serviced by Navient 
      Solutions LLC; (3) are, or after October 1, 2007, were, 
      employed full-time in public service by a qualifying 
      organization for purposes of the PSLF program; (4) were told

      by Navient their loans were eligible for the PSLF program; 
      and (5) on or after October 25, 2015, learned they were 
      ineligible for the PSLF program because their federal
      student loans are not Direct Loans and/or they were not on a
      payment plan that is eligible for the PSLF program"; and

      Colorado Subclass defined as

      "all individuals who: (1) are residents of Colorado; (2)
      have federal student loans that were serviced by Navient 
      Solutions LLC; (3) are, or after October 1, 2007, were, 
      employed full-time in public service by a qualifying 
      organization for purposes of the PSLF program; (4) were told

      by Navient their loans were eligible for the PSLF program; 
      and (5) on or after January 30, 2015, learned they were 
      ineligible for the PSLF program because their federal 
      student loans are not Direct Loans and/or they were not on a

      payment plan that is eligible for the PSLF program";

   3. appointing Plaintiffs as class representatives;

   4. appointing Daniel, Cottrill, and Padgett as class 
      representatives of the Florida Subclass and appointing 
      Lareina as class representative of the Colorado Subclass; 
      and

   5. appointing Plaintiffs Counsel as counsel to the Class and 
      Subclasses.[CC]

Counsel for Plaintiffs:

          Katherine Earle Yanes, Esq.
          Brandon K. Breslow, Esq.
          KYNES, MARKMAN & FELMAN, P.A.
          Post Office Box 3396
          Tampa, FL 33601-3396
          Telephone: (813) 229-1118
          Facsimile: (813) 221-6750
          E-mail: kyanes@kmf-law.com
                  bbreslow@kmf-law.com

               - and -

          Gus M. Centrone, Esq.
          Brian L. Shrader, Esq.
          CENTRONE & SHRADER, PLLC
          612 W. Bay Street
          Tampa, FL 33606
          Telephone: (813) 360-1529
          Facsimile: (813) 336-0832
          E-mail: gcentrone@centroneshrader.com
                  bshrader@centroneshrader.com


Document CLASSAR020190219ef2i0002l




Markets Main
Markets
Navient Rejects $3.2 Billion Takeover Bid From Canyon Capital, Platinum Equity; The student-loan servicer says $12.50-a-share proposal is too low

By Cara Lombardo 
504 words
19 February 2019
08:35 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Corrections & Amplifications

Canyon Capital Advisors is based in Los Angeles. An earlier version of this article incorrectly said Canyon is based in New York. (Feb. 18, 2019)

Navient Corp. has received a buyout offer worth about $3.2 billion from a pair of investors that the student-loan servicer rejected as too low.

Navient's board said Monday that it voted to turn down the $12.50-a-share proposal from hedge fund Canyon Capital Advisors LLC and private-equity firm Platinum Equity Advisors LLC, believing it undervalues the company and is lacking in other ways.

The offer represents a 6.6% premium over Navient's most recent closing price Friday of $11.73 a share. Navient's advisers had told Canyon it would need to be more than $15, according to a letter Navient sent to the fund that was released publicly Monday. Navient has a market value of about $3 billion.

The Wall Street Journal first reported on the offer and that Navient rejected it earlier Monday.

Canyon is a longtime Navient shareholder with about a 9.9% stake, according to FactSet. Platinum is a private-equity firm based in Los Angeles.

Wilmington, Del.-based Navient services student loans, handling billing and helping borrowers with repayment plans and loan consolidations. Like other servicers, its business practices have been heavily scrutinized in recent years as millions of Americans struggle with student-loan debt. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and several state attorneys general have accused Navient of misleading borrowers about how to repay their loans. Navient has said the allegations are false and it is defending itself in court.

One of Navient's complaints about the offer, according to the letter, is that it doesn't address how to deal with the company's lawsuits and regulatory matters. The company also said it believes the bidders don't appear to have a plan for the roughly $10 billion of Navient's debt that could come due in a change of control.

Navient said that Canyon and Platinum approached it in October about potentially making an offer and the three parties entered into a confidentiality agreement to allow for so-called due diligence. Canyon's adviser at one point indicated the offer could be in the range of $14 to $15 a share, which Navient's advisors said was too low, according to Navient's letter.

The confidentiality agreement included a standstill period that would have prev ented Canyon from launching a proxy fight, which ended Friday. That is when Canyon delivered the offer, Navient said.

Navient said that Canyon, as part of its offer, asked the company to extend by several weeks its late-February deadline to nominate directors, to give it more time to conduct due diligence, but that Navient rejected the request. Canyon, a sometime-activist investor that launched a proxy fight in 2016 against Ambac Financial Group Inc.-which it later withdrew-still has until Feb. 23 to nominate directors.

Write to Cara Lombardo at cara.lombardo@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020190218ef2i0035x




Connolly - Walorski Reintroduce the Federal Firefighter Pay Equity Act; Rep. Gerald E. "Gerry" Connolly (D-VA) News Release

504 words
15 February 2019
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2019 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

Representatives Gerald E. Connolly (D-VA) and Jackie R. Walorski (R-IN) have reintroduced the Federal Firefighter Pay Equity Act, bipartisan legislation to ensure federal firefighters are eligible for the same full and fair retirement benefits as their state and local counterparts.

Every day, more than 15,000 federal firefighters put their lives at risk to protect our nation's most critical assets - including the families, homes, and infrastructure on military installations across the country. Yet under current law, these brave first responders are denied the robust retirement package they so clearly deserve. Unlike their counterparts in state and local government, federal firefighters are not credited with the additional income from mandatory overtime for the purposes of calculating their retirement benefits.

The Federal Firefighter Pay Equity Act would correct this injustice. By taking into account the number of overtime hours worked by federal firefighters each year, this bill would allow for a more accurate and equitable retirement calculation for our nation's federal firefighters.

"These courageous men and women work grueling hours in the most difficult of circumstances," said Congressman Gerry Connolly (D-VA). "It is our absolute responsibility to provide them with a retirement worthy of the sacrifices they have made in service to the United States. Our bipartisan legislation fulfills that responsibility, and ensures that our retired federal firefighters are compensated fairly and fully."

"Thousands of federal firefighters across America - including many at Grissom Air Reserve Base in Indiana - risk their lives every day to keep people safe and protect our national security," said Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (R-IN). "We have a responsibility to make sure they are treated fairly in retirement. The bipartisan Federal Firefighter Pay Equity Act will ensure these brave and hardworking first responders get the full compensation and benefits they deserve."

"Federal fire fighters spend their careers protecting the public. These dedicated professionals have earned the right to be fully compensated in retirement," stated Harold A. Schaitberger, General President of the International Association of Fire Fighters. "The International Association of Fire Fighters fully supports the Federal Firefighter Pay Equity Act. On behalf of our federal members, and more than 316,000 professional fire fighters of the IAFF, I want to thank to Representatives Connolly and Walorski for their leadership on this important issue."

"AFGE thanks Congressman Connolly and Congresswoman Walorski for introducing the "Firefighter Pay Equity Act." Federal Firefighters are committed to keeping federal buildings and lands safe and put it all on the line for our safety. They should not be penalized for mandatory overtime. Rather, federal firefighters should be fairly compensated for every hour they are required to work and every hour worked should be accounted for their retirement benefits," said American Federation of Government Employees, AFL-CIO National President J. David Cox.

Text of the legislation is available here https://connolly.house.gov/UploadedFiles/Firerighter_Pay_Equity.pdf.

Read this original document at: https://connolly.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=1593

Document CONGDP0020190218ef2f0001u




Wealth Management (A Special Report): Game Plan --- One Man's Quest for Financial Security and Work Flexibility

By Chris Kornelis 
504 words
11 February 2019
The Wall Street Journal
J
R6
English
Copyright 2019 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

After getting divorced and paying off a sizable amount of credit-card debt, Matthew Barnhart has spent years focusing on his finances. His goal: To be able to turn down work that doesn't appeal to him.

Mr. Barnhart, age 42, works as a mastering engineer at a studio in Chicago, making final adjustments to albums after they've been recorded and mixed. His flexible schedule allows him to freelance as a tour manager and sound engineer for bands, and to do some work with bands in the recording studio.

"I don't want to be 50 years old and have to make work decisions that I'm unhappy about just in order to feed myself," he says.

Mr. Barnhart made about $20,000 as an employee at the mastering studio last year, as well as $18,000 in taxable income from self-employment. He received $6,000 from his mother from money she receives from his deceased father's pension and $2,000 in dividends from taxable stock. Living separately from his girlfriend, Mr. Barnhart has no debt and tries to save 40% to 50% of his income. Last year that meant saving the $20,000 he made at the studio, and living off the rest, around $26,000.

He has $95,000 in a taxable brokerage account, $69,000 in a traditional IRA, $36,000 in an individual 401(k), $10,500 in a Roth IRA and $2,000 in a Simple IRA. He also has $7,500 in a health savings account and roughly $7,500 in a savings account for emergencies.

His total monthly spending is about $2,100. He used to own a home but sees no reason to now.

ADVICE FROM A PRO: Brian D'Orazio, a certified financial planner with CliftonLarsonAllen Wealth Advisors in Greenwood Village, Colo., says that if Mr. Barnhart's income keeps up with inflation and there aren't any major changes in variables such as medical coverage, he is on track to be able to retire in his early 60s and be picky about the work he takes later in his career.

Mr. D'Orazio says Mr. Barnhart is in a relatively low tax bracket. If he sees that changing -- due to higher earnings or another marriage -- he may want to slowly roll money from his traditional IRA into a Roth IRA. That would allow him to pay taxes on the Roth contributions at the relatively low rate.

Mr. Barnhart hasn't done any estate planning. As such, he should talk to an attorney about a will, power of attorney and a living will, Mr. D'Orazio says.

He agrees that owning a home isn't something Mr. Barnhart needs to prioritize. "If it doesn't align with his personal goals and values, I'm not one to argue against that."

---

Mr. Kornelis is a writer in Seattle. Email; reports@wsj.com.

Document J000000020190211ef2b0003j


Don't pay your utility bill on time? You're not alone. Only 2 percent pay theircity bill when it's due. Area's utilities have many different standards for when payments are due

Rebecca White 
504 words
7 February 2019
The Spokesman-Review
SPRV
A.1
ISSN:10647317
English
© 2019 The Spokesman-Review. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

Spokane water customers now have twice as long to pay their utility bills after the Spokane City Council stretched the due date by 10 days.

Just 2 percent of Spokane residents pay their water, sewer and trash bills on time. But 62 percent make their monthly payment in the 11- to 20-day window after bills arrive.

City spokeswoman Marlene Feist said people were required to pay their bill 10 days after they were postmarked.

She said the city looked at other utilities in the area, which usually allow people five to 11 days longer than Spokane to pay their bills, when they proposed the new deadlines.

Jim Fields, assistant general manager for Vera Water and Power, the utility that provides electricity to about 12,000 Spokane Valley homes and water to 8,500, said 87 percent of their customers pay on time every month. He said the 13 percent who do pay their bills late are often late every billing cycle.

Andy Barth, a spokesman for Inland Power and Light, which serves about 35,000 customers across 13 Eastern Washington and North Idaho counties, said only 4 percent to 6 percent of their customers pay their bills late. Inland Power bills are due 20 days after they are sent and allow for an additional 10-day grace period before charging a 5 percent fee. The company also charges a $10 disconnection fee and typically will shut off a person's power between 40 to 45 days after the initial bill is sent.

Vera and Inland Power, like other utilities in the area, provide 20 to 30 days before charging a late fee and sending out a shut-off notice. Most companies will shut off power or water after 40 to 45 days of nonpayment.

The city of Spokane will charge a 1 percent late fee 20 days after a bill goes out. When a water user is 30 days past due, they will get a late notice in the next bill, and after 60 days, they will get a delinquency notice. Customers get an additional 10 days before they receive a shut-off warning, and after about 90 days of nonpayment, the city can shut off their water.

Feist said the city can set up payment arrangements or connect people to social service programs if they are having difficulty paying their bill. The city has a UHelp program that assists low-income water users pay their bills, and other community programs such as SNAP assist people with paying their heating and electrical bills during an emergency.

Feist said now that the city has increased the amount of time utility customers have to pay their bill, it can launch its e-billing system that will include an auto-pay option.

Utility bills

CREDIT: Rebecca White The Spokesman-Review

Document SPRV000020190207ef270005x




Australia: Colour Capital IP Holdings Owns Trademark for 'COLOUR CAPITAL FRANCHISE INVESTMENTS' and '2 SEMI-CIRCLES,DIVIDED'

504 words
2 February 2019
Australian Government News
HTAUGN
English
Copyright 2019. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

Australia, Feb. 2 -- Colour Capital IP Holdings Pty. Ltd., owns the trademark (1935570) for 'COLOUR CAPITAL FRANCHISE INVESTMENTS' and '2 SEMI-CIRCLES,DIVIDED' from June 21, 2018, through June 21, 2028.

Status: registered: Registered/protected

Classes: 35 [Administration of the business affairs of franchises; Business advisory services relating to the establishment of franchises; Business advisory services relating to the operation of franchises; Business assistance relating to the establishment of franchises; Provision of assistance (business) in the establishment of franchises; Provision of assistance (business) in the operation of franchises; Advice relating to business management; Advisory services for business management; Advisory services relating to business management; Business management; Business management advice; Business management advisory services; Business management and organization consultancy; Business management assistance; Business management consultancy; Business management organisation consultancy; Business management services relating to franchising; Commercial business management; Consultancy relating to business management; Logistics services (business management and organization of facilities and resources); Project business management and administration; Providing information, including online, about advertising, business management and administration and office functions; Provision of business management assistance; Provision of business management information; Provision of information in relation to business management; interim business management; Business advertising services relating to franchising; Business advice relating to franchising; Business assistance relating to franchising; Business consultancy relating to franchising; Business consultation services relating to franchising; Business franchising consultancy and business support services; Business franchising services (group purchasing, group advertising); Provision of business advice relating to franchising; Provision of business information relating to franchising; Administration of business affairs; Administration of businesses; Administration relating to business planning; Administration relating to marketing; Administration relating to sales methods; Business administration; Business administration advisory services; Business administration consultancy; Commercial administration; Commercial administration of the licensing of the goods and services of others; Office administration services (for others); Provision of information in relation to business administration; Business intermediary services relating to the matching of potential private investors with entrepreneurs needing funding; Business investigations; Investigation services relating to business] and 36 [Financial advice in the field of franchising; Administration of financial affairs; Administration of investments; Acquisition for financial investment; Administrative services relating to investments; Advice relating to investments; Advisory services relating to financial investment; Advisory services relating to investments; Capital investment; Capital investment advisory services; Consultancy services relating to investment; Consultations relating to investment; Financial investigation services; Financial investment; Financing of investments; Investment; Investment advice; Investment asset management; Investment brokerage; Investment business services; Investment consultancy; Investment management; Investment planning; Capitalization services; Charitable fundraising; Credit (financing); Financial loan services; Advisory services relating to loan services; Financing of personal loans; Loan financing; Loan services; Loans (financing)]

Type of Mark: Figurative

Date of Acceptance: Nov. 22, 2018

Registration Advertised: Jan. 30

For further details contact Sajen Legal.

The original document can be viewed at: https://search.ipaustralia.gov.au/trademarks/search/view/1935570.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document HTAUGN0020190202ef220000l




Money,Shopping & Deals
Win a Kevin the Carrot and Myla the Magical Make Up Unicorn Christmas bundle

By Harriet Flook 
504 words
2 February 2019
03:51 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2019 Mirror Group Ltd 

They're perfect for last minute Christmas gifts for the kids, and there's something in there for you too

There's still a bit of time left to grab your Christmasgifts, but if you're still stuck for ideas then don't worry - we're here to help with some last minute gifts.

Must have (and sold out) gift Aldi's Kevin the Carrot, is up for grabs in our competition, and there's also a Vtech Myla the Magical Make Up Unicorn from Argos - which has been on all of the top toy lists this year.

We've also chucked in two bottles of wine from Iceland, to treat yourself after a hard days shopping. There's also their best selling Chteau de Champteloup Brut and Colossal Reserva, which are both delicious.

You've got until 2.00pm on 17 December 2018 and the winner will then be notified to arrange delivery of the prize.

Interested? Enter your details below to be in with a chance.

The Kevin the Carrot toys have been notoriously popular this year, with many Aldi's seeing huge queues have clamored to get their hands on the toy.

Aldi's Kevin the Carrot toys will be back tomorrow after selling online for £1,000

Entry form

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1) You will need to register a free account on mirror.co.uk to enter.

2) Only one entry per person, per email address will be accepted. Multiple entries, or entries suspected of foul play will be disqualified.

3) This competition is open to UK mainland residents only.

4) The competition will be open until 2pm on Monday 17 December 2018. Entries received after this date will not be considered.

5) One winner will be selected at random, from all correct and eligible entries.

6) The winner will receive a prize bundle including Kevin The Carrot stuffed toy, Myla Magical Make-up Unicorn and two bottles of wine. No cash equivalent.

7) Entrants must be over the age of 18.

8) If the winner fails to confirm acceptance of the prize by Wednesday 19 December 2018 or if the winner chooses to forfeit the prize, MGN reserve the right to pick another winner at random. Please ensure that email address and mobile number in your entry are correct.

9) Please note that delivery time is outside Trinity Mirror's control. Although we shall make reasonable endeavours, delivery may take longer than 28 days. Subject to availability of prizes.

10) Standard MGN competition terms apply. See mirror.co.uk/rules

11) If you experience any difficulties entering this competition, then please email community@mirror.co.uk. Please note we cannot accept entries to competitions via email.

This article contains affiliate links, which means we may receive a commission on any sales of products or services we write about. This article was written completely independently, see more details here .

Document MIRUK00020190201ef21004o6




Features
DEAR TRICIA

TRICIA PHILLIPS 
504 words
30 January 2019
The Daily Mirror
DMIRR
1; National
34,35
English
© 2019 Mirror Group Ltd 

Q Our mortgage deal ends in September. We still owe £40,000 which we could pay off in full. We're trying to weigh up the pros and cons of this, apart from the obvious saving on interest and insurance payments.

A Another benefit is you will have more net disposable income to do with as you choose because you won't be making monthly repayments. Something to consider is if you should ever require part or all of the money for other things? Ensure you have access to a sufficient contingency fund.

Q Is there a limit to the number of years I could delay taking my state pension? I've read somewhere that you can get a higher weekly figure by doing this.

A There is no limit, but you must defer for a minimum of nine weeks. Your state pension will then increase by the equivalent of 1% for every nine weeks you defer. This works out as just under 5.8% for every full year.

Q I keep hearing about credit cards that can help repair a damaged credit rating. Who offers these types of cards and do you have to apply for them online as I don't have access to the internet?

A Firms offering these cards include Capital One and Aqua who seem to prefer online applications. However, Tesco offers The Foundation Credit Card which you can apply for by calling 0345 300 4278.

Q A friend said I should take out a protection policy on my mortgage. I thought payment protection was a bad thing with all the refunds. I am single.

A The refunds are due to mis-selling. A lot of people were sold payment protection insurance on loans and credit cards without actually knowing they were paying for this cover. However, people do need to ensure they have their finances covered by the right type of policy. As a single person with a mortgage you should at least consider mortgage payment protection or income protection, so you have cover should you be unable to work and pay your mortgage because of injury or illness.

Q I've been divorced for nine years. The bank will not take my ex-partner's name off the loan unless I take out a new deal which would mean I couldn't afford repayments. Any advice? this is often the case.

A Unfortunately, To remove the name, you would have to re-mortgage and then affordability would be calculated on your income only. Therefore, you may have to remain as you are.

Thanks to our independent financial advisers - The Money Map (0800 848 8250) and PMI's John Stewart (0800 018 3751). For independent advice write to Your Money Independent Advice Bureau, Daily Mirror, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5AP. Please give your age, income, family circumstances and details of financial products you want advice on, along with your phone number.

Or email money@mirror.co.uk marked "advice"

Document DMIRR00020190130ef1u000a1




Money,Shopping,Food
LOOK WHO'S PORKING Walkers is launching BBQ pulled pork and spicy Sriracha flavoured crisps

By Alice Grahns, Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
30 January 2019
12:46 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2019 

The new flavours will be rolled out in February and they'll come in both multi-packs and in single bags

WALKERS is launching two new crisp flavours next month, and it's great news for any spicy food and BBQ fans.

The crisp maker is yet to tell us the exact date the new flavours - BBQ pulled pork and spicy Sriracha - will be available from, but they'll come in both multi-packs and in single bags.

Multi-packs of six bags of Walkers crisps usually cost £1.50, while a single bag costs 60p, although we're awaiting confirmation on prices for the new flavours.

The Sun is also still waiting for the crisp maker to clarify the number of calories in a pack. We'll update this article once we hear back.

The new flavours come after Walkers "used insight tools to identify flavour trends" across Britain, the crisp maker said.

Walkers currently produces 7,000 crisp packets a minute and 11million crisp packets a day.

The firm accounts for 56 per cent of British crisp sales.

Andy Hawkswell, marketing manager at Walkers, said: "With our leading-edge insight tools we're able to get a deep understanding of the flavours that Brits enjoy eating and talking about.

"With these two delicious new flavours we are launching in February, we've been able to create crisps that truly bring the tastes of the nation to life."

Book a holiday from £9.50 with The Sun!

FANCY getting away from it all?

Our Hols from £9.50 are back!

This means you could book a break at one of 333 holiday parks across the UK and abroad, for under a tenner!

All you need to do is collect TEN Sun Savers codes or TEN tokens or codewords printed in The Sun. This round is running between Saturday, January 5 and Tuesday, January 29.

If you're collecting Sun Savers codes: ENTER YOUR CODES HERE

If you're collecting tokens or codewords use the booking form or book online at thesun.co.uk/holidays

* Price per person based on four sharing. Subject to availability. Terms and conditions and date restrictions apply. For full T&Cs see thesun.co.uk/holidays.

At the end of last year, Walkers launched Brussels sprout flavoured crisps as part of its festive range.

Shortly after, Walkers also rolled out its free crisp packet recycling scheme after hundreds protested against the firm's environmentally unfriendly bags.

The Sun has also visited the Walkers crisp factory to find out how a muddy potato becomes a golden snack.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 78 24516. Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESUK0020190129ef1t004mq




Personal Finance
Why the LaGuardia delays may have played a special role in ending the shutdown; Hell hath no fury like a grounded passenger

Andrew Keshner 
504 words
26 January 2019
05:31 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2019 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Hell hath no fury like a grounded passenger

Hell hath no fury like a grounded passenger

In our politically fractured country, the (temporary) resolution to the partial federal government shutdown showed there's still one thing Americans can agree on: air travel sucks.

Hours after the New York City's LaGuardia Airport started juggling delays, President Donald Trump said he was agreeing to a deal that re-opened the federal government at least for now.

Coincidence? Maybe not.

The major airport's skeleton staff sluggishness - which was widely covered even on a day when informal Trump advisor Roger Stone was arrested - might have been a potent last straw, experts say.

The woes of air travel resonates with a broad swath of Americans: some 92% said their flying experience "leaves a lot to be desired" in a 2017 survey by Airfarewatchdog.com.

Long before federal government funding stopped because of disputes on whether to pay for a wall along the Mexican border, people had little patience for air travel gone wrong, between the prices, crammed seating and long security lines. Those lines grew as the shutdown plodded on.

Stalled airports tend to inspire special fury in the American mind, said Richard Levick, chairman and CEO of LEVICK, who handles public affairs and crisis communications for airlines and major manufacturers.

Levick said that coming 35 days deep into the shutdown, "LaGuardia became not only a symbol, it became its own cause celebre within the shutdown."

The fury over air travel is powerful for the same reason a good joke always gets laughs - "that is, everyone shares the same experience," Levick said.

Folks from all walks of life can commiserate with travel plans ruined or nearly ruined by air travel problems, Levick said.

"There are very few times where Americans, in fact citizens all over the world, can be easily confused with cattle and that one place is the airport."

Kathryn Wylde, president and CEO of the Partnership for New York City, a pro-business nonprofit organization, said LaGuardia's woes were "the most visible evidence so far" of the shutdown's effects on the economy - and everyday Americans.

"When the airport goes down, you know this is affecting not just government employees, it's affecting everyone," she said.

Hours before Trump announced the temporary truce, Sara Nelson, the president of the Association of Flight Attendants-CWA, said the short staffing was "anything but a sick out - it is only about our safety and the air traffic controllers' absolute commitment to it."

She continued, "Do we have your attention now, [Senate Leader Mitch] McConnell? All lawmakers?"

More From MarketWatchThe government shutdown is ending, after becoming the longest on record - by a wide margin

This furloughed worker found a unique way to make $2,000 a month during the shutdown

4 ways the government shutdown is hurting the finances of furloughed workers

Document MRKWC00020190125ef1p005v5




Money
'Dodgy builders destroyed my home - then tried to charge me EVEN MORE to fix it'

By Dean Dunham 
504 words
20 January 2019
04:00 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2019 Mirror Group Ltd 

Robert thought the builder he'd chosen was accredited with good reviews - but as he later discovered, it was all completely fake

Having the builders in can be stressful and fraught with difficulties, making it a huge relief when they leave.

But just as you think the worst is over, it may just be starting?

A reader called Robert wrote to me this week about a dispute he is having with a local builder.

In August, Robert engaged a firm to build an extension at the back of his house.

Before choosing his builder, he read up online to find a firm that was accredited, with good reviews.

The one he chose carried good reviews on its website and displayed the Which? Trusted Trader logo, which he took as meaning they had been endorsed by Which?.

Do I need planning permission? What you can build without it, what you can't and how to get it

Robert met with the boss of the building firm and showed him the plans, already approved by the local planning authority.

A quote was provided which Robert accepted, and a few weeks later the works started. All was completed by November.

But this is when the problems started. Robert discovered lots of snagging issues, all which were raised with the building firm.

Their reaction was that they could deal with the issues but there would be an extra fee - and they quoted him £2,890.

Matters got worse as the local authority inspected the extension and found aspects of the work that contravened building regulations.

Robert then presented a list of those issues to the building firm - and they quoted a further £3,450 to deal with them. Robert, from Northampton, has therefore been left with a bill of £6,340? just to put right what the firm got wrong.

How to spot a rogue builder and what to do if you fall victim to one

My first step was to see if the firm really was endorsed by Which? Trusted Traders. A simple search carried out on the Which? website confirmed they were not.

This means Robert was misled into the contract. Under Section 50 of the Consumer Rights Act 2015, the fact that the builder represented that they were a member of an accredited scheme meant that this formed part of the contract.

So the effect of this being untrue is that they are in breach of contract and can be sued.

In these circumstances the CRA says Robert is entitled to have the remedial works carried out for free or to have a price reduction.

The firm also clearly failed to carry out the works with reasonable care and skill, as the CRA requires.

So happily, the law is firmly on Robert's side - but for anyone looking to engage a trader, do fully check out all their credentials before agreeing anything with them.

Consumer rights

Document MIRUK00020190120ef1k000rt


Retirement Matters
Opinion
CPP looks like a ponzi scheme

Dorian Shortt 
Owen Sound Sun Times
504 words
18 January 2019
Owen Sound Sun Times
OWNSST
Final
A4
English
Copyright © 2019 Owen Sound Sun Times 

Last April I wrote a column about our government sponsored retirement pension plan known as the Canada Pension Plan (CPP).

In that column I wrote about the steps I took to calculate what a taxpayer could expect to pay into the program, what his employer would contribute, and what he could expect in return. I was prompted to delve into the subject after reading an article in an on line chat room. After crunching the numbers, I concluded that, in my humble opinion, the CPP is a giant ponzi scheme. It appears that lots of other Canadians share my view, and that recent media attention to the subject must have caught the attention of the folks running the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.

As you may know, the federal government has mandated increases in the CPP payments for employees and employers as of Jan. 1. These increases, along with plenty of media attention, has resulted in the CPPIB starting a PR campaign which includes spending hundreds of thousands of dollars spent on advertizing. That's right, instead of looking inward to make this system more equitable for all concerned, they are burning cash to tell us how great they are. In my opinion, this approach to criticism is just as worthless as the constant deluge of advertisements telling us how wonderful the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation is at "protecting" your GICs.

Getting back to CPP, I find it absolutely outrageous that when you pass on to the next experience, your "investment" in CPP contributions, along with your employer's, disappears into this bottomless pit. Yes, your spouse will receive a small portion of your benefit for life, but the capital eventually disappears. CPP talking heads would likely say that they also provide a disability benefit to those who become disabled which converts to a regular pension when they reach age 65.

And since disabled people will no longer be paying into the system, they have to factor that drain into their calculations. This argument may have held water 20 years ago, but the truth is that back then, CPP was handing out lifetime disability pensions with gay abandon. When they caught on to the reality that some folks would line up to receive free money without working for it, they changed the definition of disability to read: Prolonged and severe disability likely to result in death. Sorry, your sore back won't cut it anymore.

The current reality is that someone who is given a CPP disability pension these days has an extremely limited life span, so they will likely not be a drag on the system for a long time.

In my opinion, it's time for CPP to stop building an empire and return the cash to those who paid into the system. Dorian Shortt CFP has over 23 years of experience as a financial planner with a special interest in retirement and estate planning dkshortt@rogers.com

Document OWNSST0020190118ef1i0000c




Money,Deals and sales,Lidl
CROCHET QUEEN Lidl is selling 'amazing' Terry the Turtle crochet kits and shoppers are very excited

By Sara Benwell 
504 words
15 January 2019
01:38 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2019 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

This week you can pick up an adorable Terry the Turtle crochet kit from Lidl and it'll cost you less than a fiver!

IF you're feeling creative this January, head to Lidl where you can pick up a gorgeous Terry the Turtle crochet kit for just £4.99.

You'll want to be quick though, as Terry is only available this week or until stocks last.

He's in stores as part of the discounter's 'Middle of Lidl' weekly offers, which is focused on arts and crafts this week.

There are over 700 Lidl's in the UK. You can find your nearest one using the store locator.

If turtles aren't your thing, the crochet kits are also available for giraffes and rabbits, but unlike Terry these are unnamed.

Terry the Turtle has already captured the hearts of Lidl fans after the discounter put up a Facebook post promoting the deal.

So far the Facebook post has over a 1,000 comments, with people saying they're desperate to get their hands on a set or asking friends and family to pick one up.

Stacey Jones said: "Could you please have a look for one of these little fellas for me in the middle of Lidl when you go in next and I will give you a fiver pretty please xxxxxxx"

Lindsay Durnford added: "Oh I love this little turtle"

Gina Mallard commented: "OMG I gotta get to Lidl."

Abbie Marron added: "we need these, Monday after work Lidl trip?"

Lindsay Durnford said: "Oh I love this little tortoise."

Universally Terry was described as "cute" and "amazing".

Kathryn Fletcher said: "this turtle is super cute",

There has been some confusion about whether Terry is a turtle or a tortoise.

Lidl have described him as a tortoise on Facebook and Twitter, but a spokesperson confirmed to the Sun that he is, in fact, a turtle.

Lidl has a whole range of  arts and crafts deals this week.

You can also pick up a Powerfix Profi Punch Pliers Set for just £3.99, perfect for attaching studs and eyelets to materials.

There's a  range of sewing and knitting accessories - all for just £1.99 each.

And you can pick up a paint set for £4.99 and a canvas for just £1.99.

Why are Aldi and Lidl so cheap? Here are some of the best deals at the discount supermarkets

Lidl shoppers face £90 fine after budget supermarket chain introduces this new rule.

Lidl, Tesco and Pizza Hut still using eggs from caged hens with beaks cut off.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 78 24516. Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESCOT020190114ef1e004xt




Bill breaks losing streak on the water

504 words
1 January 2019
South Coast Register
FSCORG
0
English
Copyright 2019 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited. www.southcoastregister.com.au. Not available for re-distribution. 

Seven boats competed for Nowra Community Sailing Club's heat eight of the Bomaderry Bowling Club Point Score and enjoyed a shifting south easterly around five to twelve knots and a strong outgoing tide.

This meant mostly reaching legs with some works as the breeze shifted, and beautiful flat water.

The start was extremely tight with Richard Pryor first over the start line by less than a metre from Merve Lotze, Bill Jauncey, Wayne Norris, Steve Phelps, Michael Fairbairn and Mike Wootten.

The breeze swung more to the east for the quick tide assisted leg to the windward mark, and Michael's Finn took most of the leg to get clear of the six Spiral class dinghies who were fighting hard for buoy room rights at the mark.

On the reach back to the west mark near the bridges, Michael finally got clear of the Spirals with Merve about a length ahead of Wayne, then a small gap back to Steve, Bill, Richard and Mike.

On the next lap Bill managed to just get ahead of Steve while Richard was back winded in a failing gust, pirouetted the boat, then capsized, with the final ignominy of being hit by his boom as he fell in the river.

Mike was quick to take advantage of Richard's rather spectacular misfortune and moved up to sixth place, while Bill called for an action replay.

By the sixth lap Wayne had passed Merve and was clearly in second place while Merve began to fall back to the brawl for fourth place between Bill and Steve, with Bill almost catching Merve, only to see Merve's skill come to the fore as he caught a gust which Bill missed, and got clear.

This order continued to the finish with Michael's Finn crossing the line five minutes ahead of Wayne with Merve 46 seconds back in third.

Less than two minutes later came Bill with Steve only eighteen seconds behind him, about the greatest distance they were apart for the whole race. Mike came next with Richard just twenty one seconds behind him.

For the Bomaderry Bowling Club Point Score the times are corrected by personal handicaps and for this heat the old bloke Bill snatched first by just nine seconds from Wayne who beat Steve by five seconds.

Merve grabbed fourth by fifteen seconds from Richard with Michael Fairbairn over a minute back for sixth and Mike 41 seconds behind him for seventh.

For this win Bill drops three minutes from his handicap, Wayne two, and Steve one. Merve stays the same and the rest of the fleet gains a minute, so Bill, Wayne and Steve will have a real task to repeat their good places this coming weekend.

This Saturday we race for heat nine of the Bomaderry Bowling Club Point Score, and heat seven of the Championship.

We are expecting visitors from Jervis Bay Sailing Club and other visitors are most welcome. Start as usual at 14.15.

Document FSCORG0020181231ef1100002

Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:19 PM
    
