 


News
'We'll have to move' if Sprint bus goes ahead

Tom Dare 
504 words
27 December 2018
Birmingham Post
BMP
1; National
5
English
© 2018    Birmingham Post & Mail Ltd 

Parents of disabled son say carers won't be able to park

A FAMILY with a disabled son fear they will be forced to sell their home of 34 years if a Sprint bus service from Walsall to Birmingham goes ahead.

Linda and Dave Lloyd, who live in Walsall Road in Birmingham, have a 31-year-old son, Daniel, with autism and severe learning difficulties who requires round-the-clock care from healthcare professionals.

He receives several visits a day from healthcare workers, who use the hard shoulder outside the home for parking.

However, under proposals for the new £110 million Sprint bus service, the hard shoulder that so many residents and businesses rely on along the Walsall Road would be removed to make way for a bus lane. The proposals have been the subject of much controversy, with claims from residents that they were not properly consulted. It is something the West Midlands Combined Authority (WMCA) denies.

The WMCA has now revealed it would be considering alterations to the proposals after receiving feedback.

However, Mrs Lloyd says that if the original proposals go ahead and the hard shoulder is removed, the family will be forced to sell up so Daniel can continue to receive care.

"We've lived here for 34 years, and if it goes ahead then we've got to put our house up for sale," she says. "The Sprint bus is going to happen anyway, but it's the way that it's going to be put along the road that's the problem for us.

"It's going to take away the parking outside the house, which is going to be very inconvenient for the residents. "We've got a drive, but because we've got Daniel we have to have carers that come during the day that take him out, or come and stay so we can go out, because he's 24/7. So if two carers come, where are they going to park? "Now because my son has got both autism and severe learning difficulties, and he's got anxiety, they have to stop outside the house. He's got no awareness of danger so for me, to bring the bus lane nearer to the house, it's incredibly dangerous. I have said to them that I'll hold them fully responsible if anything happens to my son. We definitely will have to move house." The WMCA claims an exhaustive consultation took place on all of the Sprint bus routes, with those households affected leafleted.

A spokesman for WMCA said: "We urge the family to get in touch with us so we can look at the specific circumstances and seek to address their concerns.

"During our consultation the loss of on-street parking was a key issue for some residents and businesses. As a result we have committed to look at this again as we develop our plans for Sprint on the A34."

Document BMP0000020181227eecr00022




CommonBond Completes Another AAA Securitization

504 words
21 December 2018
01:38 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2018    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

$399M in Collateral Is the Company's Largest Deal to Date

NEW YORK, Dec. 20, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- CommonBond, a leader in higher education finance, today announced a securitization of $399.2 million in total loans. The securitization received AAA ratings from Moody's and DBRS, continuing the company's track record of AAA-rated transactions.

The transaction was CommonBond's eighth and brings the company's total securitized loan amount to approximately $2.0 billion. Goldman Sachs served as structuring agent, co-lead manager, book-runner, and co-sponsor for this securitization. Barclays, Citi, and Guggenheim Securities also served as co-lead managers and book-runners on the transaction.

The structure included a unique feature called "prefunding," which enables CommonBond to add loans to the securitization after its close. CommonBond is the first private lender to prefund a student loan refinance securitization in the modern financial era. CommonBond prefunded approximately $80 million worth of loans as part of the deal.

"Pre-funding allows us to provide investors with more size and certainty, while at the same time add flexibility to our own funding model, in a way that is differentiated from others in the market," said David Klein, CommonBond CEO and co-founder. "This is a key milestone in our securitization program, and powers even more liquidity in the name, stability in the program, and consistency in performance."

This securitization marks continued growth for CommonBond, which will originate more than $1 billion in 2018. The company has raised $3 billion in debt funding and more than $130 million in equity to date. Its customer acquisition costs remain a fraction of industry peers, its credit quality remains best in class, and the company has been profitable for three of the last six quarters. CommonBond is one of TIME magazine's 2018 50 Genius Companies, and Fast Company's World's 50 Most Innovative Companies 2018. To fuel its continued expansion, in December 2018 the company acquired NextGenVest, an AI-powered financial platform for Generation Z.

About CommonBond

CommonBond is a financial technology company on a mission to give students and graduates more affordable, transparent, and simple ways to pay for higher education. The company offers loans to current students, refinance loans to college graduates, and a suite of student loan repayment benefits to employees through its CommonBond for Business(TM) program. By designing a better student loan experience, that combines advanced technology with competitive rates and award-winning customer service, CommonBond has funded over $2.5 billion in loans for its members. CommonBond is also the first and only finance company with a "one-for-one" social mission: for every loan it funds, CommonBond also funds the education of a child in need, through its partnership with Pencils of Promise. For more information, visit www.commonbond.co.

View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/commonbond-completes-another-aaa-securitization-300769590.html

SOURCE CommonBond

/CONTACT: Bethany Hill McCarthy, press@commonbond.co

/Web site: http://www.commonbond.co

(END)

Document PRN0000020181220eeck000eh




Money
Super Saturday set to see £1.65billion blown on the high street before Christmas

By Josie Clarke 
504 words
18 December 2018
04:00 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2018 Mirror Group Ltd 

10.1 million shoppers will descend on the high street to spend £1.38 billion on gifts and festive food and drink

Shoppers are expected to spend £1.65 billion on Super Saturday this weekend as they hit the high street in preparation for Christmas Day.

Some 10.1 million shoppers will visit the beleaguered high street to spend £1.38 billion on gifts and festive food and drink, while 4.8 million will spend £268 million online in the hope that their purchases can be delivered on time, according to predictions by VoucherCodes.co.uk and the Centre for Retail Research.

The anticipated rush should provide a fillip after a disappointing weekend for retailers with gales, snow and freezing rain brought by Storm Deirdre blamed for lower shopper numbers.

Combined footfall for high streets, retail parks and shopping centres was down 4.3% on the same weekend last year, according to retail intelligence experts Springboard.

Online sales are expected to peak the day before on 'Frenzied Friday' as 7.2 million shoppers spend £321 million on last-minute gifts.

Laura Ashley 40 new store closures update - what we know about the shops closing

Footfall is expected to be up 20% on the daily average on Super Saturday, while Sunday and Christmas Eve are anticipated to both be up by 5%, according to retail analysts ShopperTrak.

ShopperTrak UK director Steve Richardson said: "As the last working day for many before Christmas, Frenzied Friday marks the start of the last-minute festive footfall rush, with footfall set to rise across the weekend.

"Friday is also significant in that it marks the moment that shoppers move away from buying online and instead head into stores to finish off Christmas shopping.

"In spite of retailers offering later and later fulfilment options, shoppers will head on to the high street, fuelled by the fear that online gifts may not arrive in time for the big day, as well as taking advantage of click-and-collect orders, which some retailers are promising to fulfil on Christmas Eve itself."

Gift cards could be the worst present possible - your rights if things go wrong

The UK high street has been hit hard this year as several large companies entered administration including House of Fraser and Evans Cycles, which were both bought by Sports Direct tycoon Mike Ashley.

Names such as Toys R Us UK, Poundworld and electronic retailer Maplin also fell into administration, while fashion chain New Look, Marks & Spencer and Debenhams all announced store closures.

Jimmy New, director of marketing at VoucherCodes, said: "Super Saturday will be a big shopping day for both retailers and consumers alike as millions flock to stores looking to snap up last-minute gifts and other essentials before Christmas Day.

"It'll certainly be one of the busiest shopping days on the high street so, if you do brave the shops, expect crowds."

Christmas food and drink

Document MIRUK00020181218eeci0018j




BlackRock and Microsoft want to make retirement investing as easy as ordering an Uber

feedback@businessinsider.com (Meghan Morris) 
504 words
14 December 2018
07:49 AM
Business Insider
BIZINS
English
Copyright 2018. Insider Inc 

* BlackRock and Microsoft are teaming up to build retirement tools for individual investors, a growing market as employers shift away from pensions.

* The partners will launch an unnamed product, still in development, next year for companies to offer to their employees.

* About 40% of Americans say they are not confident they will have enough money in retirement.

BlackRock has inked its biggest technology partnership yet, aiming to help Americans save for retirement.

The firm is working with Microsoft to build a platform for retirement savings that will launch next year, the world's largest asset manager said Thursday. Spokespeople for Microsoft and BlackRock declined further comment.

The product, which will be offered through employers, is still under development, a source with knowledge of the platform said. It's designed to be user-friendly, with a goal of being as intuitive as ride-hailing application Uber.

The idea stemmed from a conversation earlier this year between BlackRock chief executive officer Larry Fink and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, in which the executives discussed creative ways for companies to address America's retirement crisis. Last year, Fink called the problems associated with longevity "one of the greatest financial challenges faced by our clients today."  About 40% of Americans said they are not confident they will have enough money in retirement, according to a Wells Fargo survey last month.

BlackRock currently oversees about $1 trillion in defined contribution assets, out of $6.4 trillion total assets under management. The firm is eyeing growth in the space as more private and public employers move away from pricier pensions to cheaper definied contribution plans, in which employees contribute a portion of their paycheck toward retirement.

BlackRock and Microsoft's product will first be available in the US before potentially rolling out to other regions. Through the platform, BlackRock plans to offer new investment options, such as annuities, which provide a regular stream of income in retirement.

The firm's head of Americas, Mark McCombe, is leading the effort for BlackRock. A spokesman for Microsoft declined to identify the technology company's internal leader.

Read more: BlackRock now has a higher percentage of technologists than JPMorgan, and it says a lot about the future of the money-management industry 

The Microsoft partnership is the first time BlackRock is partnering with a large technology player for an external product. The firm has picked up minority stakes in numerous financial-technology companies, including iCapital, Scalable Capital, and Acorns. Last month, the firm said it would buy a small interest in Envestnet , which will expand its reach in the financial-adviser community.

NOW WATCH: The legendary economist who predicted the housing crisis says the US will win the trade war 

See Also:

* Share your opinion - become a BI Insider! 

* The best clothes steamers you can buy 

* Congress just quietly passed a law that could spark a boom for the $1 billion marijuana-linked CBD industry 

Document BIZINS0020181213eecd00105




World news
Canada pension fund investment into US detention firm larger than reported

Leyland Cecco in Toronto 
504 words
3 December 2018
09:04 PM
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2018.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

CPPIB holds $6.1m in investments in Geo Group, a firm that runs US detention facilities under Trump's immigration crackdown

A controversial investment by one of Canada's biggest pension funds in a company which operates private prisons in the United States is larger than initially thought, recent securities filings have revealed.

The Guardian and Documented  reported last month that the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) - which manages $366.6bn in pension funds on behalf of some 20 million Canadian retirees - holds stock in Geo Group.

But the most recent regulatory filings show the CPPIB has added to its holdings in Geo Group by 90,000 shares since June - an increase of nearly 50% - bringing the total investment value to $6.1m. It is not known if the fund still holds the shares; the investment board did not respond to multiple requests for comment.

Facilities operated by Geo Group have been used in recent months to detain families in the United States, following Donald Trump's "zero tolerance" crackdown on immigration by the American government.

Meanwhile, the CPPIB decreased its holdings of CoreCivic, another private prison company, by 5,900 shares, valuing the investment at $1.65m at the time of filing.

The CPPIB is one of the largest funds in the world, and although the investments in American private prisons companies represent a narrow slice of the overall fund, they have prompted an angry reaction from campaign groups and politicians.

"I'm very surprised to hear that number is significantly higher than we had previously thought," said Emma Pullman of SumOfUs, an advocacy group that started one of two online , an advocacy group that started one of two petitions     calling on the fund to divest its holdings. Between them, the two petitions have received more than 45,000 signatures.

Selling the investment would mark a significant move for the CPPIB, which prides itself in resisting external lobbying attempts.

But public outcry appears to have rattled the board. On 14 November, the board convened a meeting with activists from two separate groups, both petitioning the investment board to divest its holdings.

"I think the reason they're looking into these options is because the writing is on the wall," said Logan McIntosh, a campaigner with the Leadnow advocacy group, who attended the meeting. "It's an unnecessary and shameful investment and it's undermining the confidence of Canadians that they can manage our retirement savings responsibly."

Every two years, the CPPIB hosts legally mandated presentations across the country to outline its investment strategy and allow the public to ask questions.

"I don't think Canadians are interested in profiting from the abuse of humans and the caging of children," said Darcie Lanthier, a former financial advisor who attended one such event in Charlottetown. "I know, with what little savings I have, I go out of my way to ensure my investments are doing no harm."

Document GRDN000020181203eec3001mh




Portman Applauds House Passage of Coast Guard Reauthorization Bill to Help Protect Great Lakes; Portman Effort Creates New Approach for Regulating Ballast Water Discharge for Vessels; Sen. Portman, Rob - (R - OH) News Release

504 words
27 November 2018
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2018 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

WASHINGTON, D.C. - U.S. Senator Rob Portman (R-OH), co-chair of the Senate Great Lakes Task Force, today applauded the U.S. House of Representatives for passing the Frank Lobiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act (S. 140), which includes language he negotiated to establish a rulemaking framework for vessel discharge regulations to ensure the Great Lakes are protected against pollution and the spread of invasive species while creating regulatory certainty for the competitive shipping industry across the region. The Senate passed the bill with a bipartisan vote of 94-6 on November 14, 2018.

"This bill will both protect the Great Lakes against the spread of invasive species and pollution and ensure that our shipping industry in Ohio and across the Great Lakes is competitive," said Portman. "I am proud that we worked together in a bipartisan way to find a balanced legislative solution to ensure the regulations regarding vessel discharges will protect the ecosystem in the Great Lakes."

NOTE: The Vessel Incidental Discharge Act (VIDA) establishes a framework for the Environmental Protection Agency and the Coast Guard to establish national ballast water and incidental discharge rules. Currently, discharges are regulated through different state permits under Section 402 of the Clean Water Act, creating a patchwork of state permit requirements in 26 states. Under the bill, the EPA will have the lead role in establishing national standards for discharges, while the Coast Guard will have the primary role for monitoring and enforcing these standards and ensuring vessel safety. These regulations will help prevent pollution and ensure that ballast water does not transport invasive species from one body of water to another along a vessel's shipping route, while providing greater regulatory certainty for the shipping industry across the Great Lakes region. The bill also provides states with robust opportunities to participate in the standard setting process and to ensure compliance when the regulations are implemented.

The bill also contains policies that Senators Portman and Stabenow and other Senators in the region secured specifically for the Great Lakes basin. This includes:

* Allowing Great Lakes states to cooperatively establish unique and more stringent ballast water standards or best management practice (BMP) for vessels traveling in the Great Lakes.

* Authorizing $50 million annually for a new program within the EPA's Great Lakes National Program Office. This program will enable funding to be provided to monitor for and respond to outbreaks of aquatic invasive species in the Great Lakes and to help develop new ballast control technologies for vessels in the Great Lakes.

* Authorizing $5 million per year for the Great Lakes Commission to be a convener on ballast water discharge regulations, of which all Great Lakes States and Canada are represented.

Read this original document at: https://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=00B283E6-ADCD-4A01-829F-C47297C76B20

Document CONGDP0020181128eebr0003c




News
Small funds eat away at super: report

Jessica Irvine 
504 words
26 November 2018
The Sydney Morning Herald
SMHH
First
13
English
© 2018 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.smh.com.au

Australians are bleeding tens of thousands of dollars in retirement savings each because regulators have failed to weed out small, high-cost funds, a Productivity Commission analysis has found.

If the 50 smallest high-cost super funds were forced to merge into the top 10 biggest low-cost funds, there would be an average boost to the retirement nest eggs of Australia's 14.8 million super account holders of $22,000 each if cost savings from bigger economies of scale were passed on as fee reductions. Australians are collectively shelling out $30 billion a year in fees on their superannuation accounts, not including insurance premiums. Retirees now fork out more in super fees each year than power bills, a recent Grattan Institute report found.

According to a supplementary paper to the Productivity Commission's major superannuation inquiry, released today, members would reap "significant" savings if more were transferred into larger, low-cost funds.

It finds "clear evidence" that bigger funds enjoy "economies of scale" - the ability to manage member funds at a lower average cost: "Average administration expenses are typically lower in larger funds." There has been a wave of consolidation among super funds, with 350 funds disappearing or merging between mid-2006 and mid-2016. But 93 super funds still exist - a mix of retail and industry - which individually manage less than $1 billion of member funds, meaning members do not enjoy the same economies of scale in administration and management fees as bigger funds.

The commission's paper also finds that the lack of real competition in the super industry means: "There is little evidence that scale benefits have been systematically passed through to members in the form of lower fees.

"Despite the realisation of economies of scale since 2004, the reduction in fees charged to members by the median fund did not fall."

In its draft report in May, the commission estimated potential savings of about $600,000 in retirement for a member with multiple poorly performing accounts who consolidated them into the best performing fund.

The system-wide savings of rolling the 50 highest cost funds into the 10 lowest cost funds amount to $1.8 billion in total, or $22,000 spread across all account holders. "Gains to members of higher cost funds would be markedly larger," the paper finds.

The Australian Prudential Regulation Authority - which is set to appear before the royal commission on Friday - has had for some time a responsibility to apply a "scale test", to close down funds which are too small to be in members' best interests.

But this test "has proven inadequate in protecting default members from poorly performing funds", the Productivity Commission found in its draft report.

The government has drafted legislation proposing the scale test be replaced by a broader "outcomes test".

The Productivity Commission wants this test made tougher.

Not so super

Two million accounts - 8 per cent of all member accounts - are invested in small, high-cost funds.

Document SMHH000020181125eebq00010




Australia: Art Lysons and Kimberley Lysons Own Trademark for 'RESPECTIFY'

504 words
25 November 2018
Australian Government News
HTAUGN
English
Copyright 2018. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

Australia, Nov. 25 -- Art Lysons and Kimberley Lysons, own the trademark (1920398) for 'RESPECTIFY' from April 17, 2018, through April 17, 2028.

Status: registered: Registered/protected

Class: 41 [Academies (education); Academy education services; Adult education; Adult education services; Advisory services relating to education; Arranging and conducting of in-person educational forums; Arranging of exhibitions for educational purposes; Art gallery services for cultural or educational purposes; Association services being the provision of training and education to members of the association; Business educational services; Career advisory services (education or training advice); Career counselling (education or training advice); Career counselling (training and education advice); Career information and advisory services (educational and training advice); Charitable services, namely education and training; Childbirth education and training; Club education services; Club services (entertainment or education); Conducting of educational conferences; Conducting of educational courses; Conducting of exhibitions for educational purposes; Consultancy services relating to education; Design of educational courses, examinations and qualifications; Dietary education services; Dissemination of educational material; Education academy services; Education advisory services; Education information; Education services; Educational advisory services; Educational assessment services; Educational consultancy services; Educational examination; Educational institute services; Educational instruction; Educational research; Educational seminars; Educational services; Educational services provided by schools; Event management services in relation to the organisation of educational, entertainment, sporting or cultural events; Foreign language education services; Health education; Higher education services; Hire of educational apparatus; Hire of educational materials; Information relating to education; Information services relating to education; Kindergarten services (education or entertainment); Legal education services; Life coaching services (training or education services); Lingual education; Management of education services; Management of educational events; Medical education services; Mentoring (education and training); Musical education services; Occupational health and safety services (education and training services); Organisation of competitions (education or entertainment); Organisation of contests (education or entertainment); Organisation of exhibitions for cultural or educational purposes; Physical education; Physical education instruction; Physical health education; Preschools (education); Primary education services; Providing facilities for educational purposes; Providing information, including online, about education, training, entertainment, sporting and cultural activities; Provision of children's educational services through play groups; Provision of education courses; Provision of education services via an online forum; Provision of educational courses; Provision of educational examinations; Provision of educational information; Provision of facilities for education; Provision of information relating to education; Publication of educational materials; Publication of educational texts; Religious education; Religious educational services; Rental of educational apparatus; Rental of educational material; Rental of educational materials or apparatus; Setting of educational standards; Sports education services; Technological education services; University education services; Vocational education; Vocational guidance (education or training advice); Wine tasting services (education); cultural, educational or entertainment services provided by art galleries]

Type of Mark: Word

Date of Acceptance: Aug. 22

Registration Advertised: Nov. 20

For further details contact Art Lysons.

The original document can be viewed at: https://search.ipaustralia.gov.au/trademarks/search/view/1920398.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document HTAUGN0020181127eebp00010




Cult-favorite sock startup Bombas has launched a sitewide sale for 20% off everything, now through Cyber Monday

feedback@businessinsider.com (Connie Chen) 
504 words
25 November 2018
02:49 AM
Business Insider
BIZINS
English
Copyright 2018. Insider Inc 

The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase.

* Now through November 26 (Cyber Monday), all socks are 20% off at Bombas - from hiking pairs to gift sets - using code "BIGHOLIDAY20".

* The successful "Shark Tank" alum uses design features like its distinctive Honeycomb Arch Support System to set its socks apart and give your feet more support.

* Another reason to remember the brand is that it donates a pair of socks to a homeless shelter for every pair bought.

* To potentially save more on Cyber Monday, you can visit Business Insider Coupons to find up-to-date promo codes for a range of online stores.

The holiday season is here and finding meaningful gifts is top of mind for pretty much everyone, even if it's just stocking stuffers you're looking for. While everyone has given or received socks as a gift at one point or another, the praise "oh, you shouldn't have!" can become quite literal with the wrong pairs. Bombas socks, on the other hand, will evoke the complete opposite response.

Founded in 2013, Bombas sought to solve all your sock problems by creating the perfect gym sock. Since then, the company has expanded to hiking socks, dress socks, knee-high socks for women, socks for kids, and more. Each pair of Bombas socks includes key comfort features like the Honeycomb Arch Support System, Performance Footbed, Y-Stitched Heel, and Invisitoe.

Everyone deserves comfortable, supportive socks in stylish colors and Bombas is making it a lot easier to refresh your sock drawer this month. Now through November 26, you can save 20% off the entire site with promo code "BIGHOLIDAY20".

On top of saving big on great socks, you can simultaneously help those in need. For every pair of socks you buy, Bombas will donate one pair to a homeless shelter, where socks are the number one most-requested clothing item. Since its launch, Bombas has donated more than 11 million pairs to shelters. These specially designed donation pairs have an anti-microbial treatment, reinforced seams, and darker colors for longer-lasting wear.

Whether you're shopping for gifts, revamping your own sock drawer, or looking to help those in need, Bombas is the way to go.

Shop the Bombas Cyber Monday sale now.

Looking for more deals? We've rounded up the best Cyber Monday deals on the internet.

See the rest of the story at Business Insider

See Also:

* 10 best-selling online classes from Udemy on sale for Black Friday - all only $10 each

* Amazon's premium music streaming service is offering unlimited access to millions of songs for less than $1 as a Black Friday deal

* 14 Google Black Friday deals to shop before November 23 - including the Google Home and Nest Thermostat

Document BIZINS0020181124eebo000jj




Business
Millions at risk due to homes debt time bomb

Harvey Jones 
504 words
21 November 2018
The Daily Express
THEEXP
1; National
27
English
(c) 2018 Express Newspapers 

Your Money Edited by Harvey Jones email: harvey.jones@express.co.uk

GROWING numbers of people face the prospect of losing their home later in life because they cannot afford to clear their mortgage before they retire.

Three million fear they will not be able to pay it off in time, while six out of ten said they do not even have a plan for paying off the debt.

More than a quarter say the thought of having a mortgage after 65 makes them feel anxious, according to research from online mortgage broker L&C Mortgages.

Most lenders will not extend mortgages beyond 65 or 70 and those who can't get a new deal risk losing their home as a result.

LIFETIME DEBT One in three homeowners expect to be paying their mortgage beyond 65, while one in 10 think they will never be mortgage free.

L&C mortgage specialist David Hollingworth said the trend will worsen as more buyers increasingly take the first step onto the property ladder later in life.

"They must also take out a larger mortgage to keep up with high house prices," he added.

This is a major concern as many people will see their incomes dip after they retire, which means they could struggle to afford their repayments, he explained.

Some lenders are responding by offering innovative deals for older borrowers although you have to prove you can afford the mortgage, Hollingworth said.

"Rather than suffering in silence, speak to someone who can help you explore the market and find a solution that works for you," he said.

SOLUTIONS Mark Harris, chief executive of mortgage broker SPF Private Clients, said options include downsizing to a cheaper property: "With luck this will clear the mortgage and ideally free up some cash to pay off other debts."

He added that over 55s with pension pots could use their 25 per cent taxfree lump sum to clear debts: "You can draw the rest of your pension too, but it is liable to income tax, so take care."

Harris said that specialist or regional lenders will lend into your 80s or 90s, including The Family Building Society.

"Some don't state a maximum age, including Loughborough, Cambridge and Bath building societies," he said.

Considering your mortgage will still have a fixed end date and you must show you can afford repayments.

SWEET RELEASE Harris said residential interest-only mortgages from the likes of Bath and Vernon building societies are worth considering. "These are available to borrowers aged 55-plus, subject to an affordability assessment, with the debt repaid on a specified life event, such as death or moving into long-term care."

Seek financial advice as these options could impact your tax status and means-tested state benefits, he added.

Dean Mirfin, chief product officer at equity release adviser Key, said 30 per cent of its customers use some of the money to pay off debt in retirement.

Document THEEXP0020181121eebl0001g




Attorney Philip Wright Discusses Why Families Need an Estate Plan

504 words
19 November 2018
08:40 PM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2018    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 


Kansas estate planning attorney Philip Wright, of Wright Law Firm, LC, lists the top three reasons why couples with children should have an estate plan now. 
 

LENEXA, Kan., Nov. 19, 2018 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- We have all heard it before, "You never know when your time may come," or, "You never know what life may throw at you." You want to protect yourself, your spouse and your children if life tosses you a curveball. Proper estate planning can give you a plan and peace of mind.

"However, improper estate planning -- or no plan -- can create problems for you, your spouse, or other family members, and leave you vulnerable at a most inopportune moment," said estate planning attorney Philip Wright, founder of the Wright Law Firm, LC.

To protect your family, Wright lists the following three tips:

No. 1: Make sure someone you trust can make decisions if you can't. "It is critical to have a trusted individual that can legally help you if something happens. You need to have a Durable Power of Attorney and Healthcare Power of Attorney in place. By protecting yourself with these documents, you are also protecting those who are dependent on you -- your children and spouse," stressed Wright.

No. 2: Set up a trust. Trusts allow a trusted family member or friend to quickly access your assets and keep status quo. Status quo in an emergency can be invaluable. "With a trust, a person that you choose can step in and make sure immediate issues like mortgage payments, insurance payments, or other bills are taken care if you are incapacitated or worse. With a trust you can lay out a long-term plan to financially provide for your children if the unthinkable occurs. Trusts can help make things much easier on your loved ones," added Wright.

No. 3: Sit down with an experienced attorney. "If you don't have an estate plan, get it done! Find an attorney that will take the time to explain and discuss your options without making you feel like you are imposing. And, if you have an estate plan, you should review your estate planning documents with your attorney every three to five years, or upon important life-changing events," concluded Wright. "This includes marriage, divorce, death, or birth of a child or grandchild."

About Philip Wright, Wright Law Firm, LC

Philip Wright focuses on probate, will, trust and estate law. Mr. Wright helps clients in Kansas and Missouri understand and implement effective estate plans. Wright Law Firm, LC, has experience representing clients in trust litigation, estate planning, trust administration, last will and testament, durable power of attorney, healthcare power of attorney, and probate. For more information, please call (913) 710-9885, or visit http://www.pwrightlaw.com. Wright Law Firm, LC is located at 13420 Santa Fe Trail Drive, Lenexa, KS 66215.

For media inquiries, please call the NALA at 805.650.6121, ext. 361.

SOURCE Philip Wright, Wright Law Firm, LC

(END)

Document PRN0000020181119eebj00025


Five asset managers achieve Gold Standard Awards 2018; Revealed - successes across all 11 categories

Investment Week 
504 words
15 November 2018
Investment Week
NVWK
English
© 2018 Incisive Business Media (IP) Ltd, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX 

Five fund groups picked up a coveted Gold Standard award at a ceremony in the House of Commons on 14 November, including Hargreaves Lansdown, which was successful across five different categories.

The Bristol-based financial services giant was adjudged by the nine-strong panel of industry experts to have achieved the Gold Standard for Fund Management (Retail), Portfolio Management Services, Group Pensions, Personal Pensions and Retirement. The full Roll of Honour for the 2018 Gold Standard Awards can be seen below.

Joining the firm in theFund Management (Retail) grouping were BlackRock and Neptune Investment Management, whileHermes Investment Management andSantander Asset Management UK achieved the Gold Standard in theFund Management (Institutional) category.

Now in their 16th year, the Gold Standard Awards recognise financial services companies that go the extra mile to serve their customers and build confidence in the sector - rewarding businesses that display consistent standards of excellence in service, capability, trust, financial strength and fair value.

Presenting the Awards yesterday,Investment Week Events chairman Julian Marr said: "The Gold Standard Awards were created in 2003 as a benchmark of quality in financial services - and entrants either meet the standard or they do not. As both our judging panel and 2018's successful entrants are keenly aware, consumer confidence can take years to build but it can be lost in a moment."

Rather than measure a single aspect of a business, the Gold Standard Awards assess a wide range of key areas including financial strength, ability to conduct business, service excellence, fair value and trust. They also take into account a company's ability to promote confidence through the customer experience, as well as levels of corporate governance and social responsibility.

Chaired by Aviva head of marketing Rosy Anand, the judging panel also comprised Bakehouse Communications managing director Nick Baker; Financial Marketing managing director Chris Harvey; Bravura Solutions business development manager Natanje Holt; Asset Risk Consultants director of research Daniel Hurdley; Fairstone Group non-executive director Malcolm Kerr; Unique Financial Planning managing director Philip Martin; Technology & Technical managing director Kim North; and Psigma Investment Management marketing director Sara Walsh.

To take a look at our photo album of the event, simply hover over theimage below and use the arrows to navigate



Gold Standard Awards 2018 - Roll of Honour

Fund Management (Retail)

BlackRock

Hargreaves Lansdown

Neptune Investment Management

Wealth Management

Bordier UK

Brewin Dolphin

Mazars Wealth Management

Discretionary Fund Management

JM Finn

Morningstar Investment Management Europe

Quilter Cheviot Investment Management

Rathbone Investment Management

Portfolio Management Services

Hargreaves Lansdown

Retail Protection

AIG Life

Zurich

Independent Financial Advice

Almary Green Investments

Carbon Financial Partners

LIFT-Financial

Mazars Financial Planning

Mearns & Company

Partners Wealth Management

Plutus Wealth Management

The Private Office Limited

Fund Management (Institutional)

Hermes Investment Management

Santander Asset Management UK

Group Pensions

Hargreaves Lansdown

Personal Pensions

Old Mutual Wealth

Hargreaves Lansdown

Retirement

Hargreaves Lansdown

Legal & General Home Finance

Group Protection

Advo

To view photo, click here.

To view photo, click here.

Document NVWK000020181116eebf00003




News
Install a dashcam to get 10% off premium, says car insurer

Christian McCashin 
504 words
14 November 2018
Irish Daily Mail
IRDAIM
1; Ireland
3
English
© 2018 Solo Syndication. All rights reserved. 

A CAR insurance company is offering drivers a 10% discount on their premium if they install a dash cam.

The use of dash-cam footage of accidents has become common when establishing who was at fault in a crash, and footage of road incidents is often used by gardaí investigating what happened.

AXA Insurance is offering a 10% discount on its premiums if a driver installs a Nextbase dash cam in their car. A typical premium is around ?600, so a 10% discount would be worth ?60 - enough to buy a basic camera.

AXA director Antoinette McDonald said: 'Unfortunately, motor collisions are a regular occurrence on Irish roads and it is often the case when settling these claims that witness accounts may not exist or may vary, or it can take time to obtain Garda evidence.

'Dash cams offer a great way for drivers to get extra peace of mind when they are on the road.' Nextbase director Richard Browning said dash cams make drivers 'feel more secure when driving, be it for a quick trip to the shops, picking up the kids after school or a big road trip'.

'This partnership with AXA is the first of its kind in Ireland and will establish these devices as essential for careful and responsible drivers,' he said.

'It offers the opportunity for drivers to save money on their insurance and protect themselves in the event of an incident.' Nextbase will also match the offer with its own 10% discount on its cameras.

FBD Insurance is also offering a ?50 discount on premiums if a driver has a dash cam fitted.

Dash cams are legal, and the evidence recorded can be used in court, provided the owner will testify that the recording is theirs. The AA recommends using them as a way of settling claims and establishing an incident's cause.

Insurance expert Jonathan Hehir said: 'If there are fraudulent claims, a dash cam or CCTV evidence will certainly help, if you can play footage in front of a judge and say, "I hit X at whatever kph and there it is there".

'It also can help a judge to decide if the injuries aren't real. We often come across cases where somebody might say a person just braked in front of them, just hit the brakes for no reason. They say, "No, I didn't, you just ran into back of me". If you have a dash cam it can certainly help mitigate things and show who is at fault.' A Garda spokesman said: 'It's like CCTV: if someone has footage of an incident, it's welcomed.' A recent study in Britain revealed a quarter of motorists believe having a dash cam improves their driving. It also found 69% of those involved in an accident believe a dash cam would have been useful in settling any insurance claim.

christian.mccashin@dailymail.ie

Footage can be used in court

Document IRDAIM0020181114eebe00009




Money
LITTLE STAR Sainsbury's Christmas advert 2018 may bring a tear to your eye

By Alice Grahns, Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
12 November 2018
01:29 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2018 

Little girl Tia is terrified to perform in front of many people, but with a bit of encouragement from her mum, she gives all she's got and puts on an amazing show with her friends

SAINSBURY's has released its Christmas advert for 2018 - and it's actually super cute.

It features eight-year-old Tia and her school friends putting up a play for their parents, which is a complete change from last year.

Last year's Sainsbury's ad didn't have a narrative and instead celebrated the many ways the Brits spend the festive season.

This year's "The Big Night" advert, which will air tonight during a break of Coronation Street on at 7.15 on ITV - and it could be one of the most heartwarming ads we've seen yet.

It starts off in black-and-white before Tia appears on stage dressed as a star, but she's really nervous to perform in front of a hall full of people.

But as she catches her mother in the eye, she gets encouraged and carries on singing the 90s banger 'You Get What You Give' by the New Radicals louder and louder.

As she carries on singing, more children also join her on stage and they're wearing costumes ranging from turkeys and baubles to the Queen.

The performance in the ad even involves a set of fairy lights, including the plug, which turns on the festive lights.

During the performance a Christmas tree pops up in the background and the children are giving their all to give their parents a good show.

In the end star Tia is lifted to the top of the tree and there's an explosion of colours as the audience bursts out in cheers and applauds.

The notion that "we give all we've got for the ones we love" is the heart of the new campaign, as the supermarket calls on the nation to do just that this Christmas.

Observant viewers may remember that John Lewis' September advert which also included a school play, and it made its viewers dream of Christmas.

This ad was a celebration of the rebrand the department store chain has undergone recently.

But Sainsbury's says that it started planning this year's Christmas advert already in January.

A lot of retailers have already released their Christmas adverts, but some viewers are disappointed while many are still waiting for the highly anticipated John Lewis Christmas advert.

Meanwhile, Iceland's advert was banned from TV before it even aired because it was ruled to be too political.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 78 24516. Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESUK0020181112eebc0005l


OPINION
FEWER GRADS ISN'T UW'S ONLY PROBLEM

DAVID W. OLIEN 
504 words
11 November 2018
The Capital Times & Wisconsin State Journal
XWST
D.1
ISSN:0749405X
English
© 2018 The Capital Times & Wisconsin State Journal. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

I appreciated the State Journal's thoughtful article, "Colleges marketing to fewer state graduates," about the challenges of the demographic downturn facing Wisconsin.

But I think the Nov. 2 front page piece missed several important points. First, the UW System budget cuts were not only the result of the Republican- run Legislature. To characterize them as that is inaccurate and unfair.

The recent cuts actually followed devastating cuts imposed by Democrat Gov. Jim Doyle, and then further reductions by Republican Gov. Scott Walker. In fact, the Republican-controlled Legislature led by Assembly Speaker Robin Voss, a former student Regent, rejected a significant portion of Walker's proposed cuts. Voss, R-Rochester, in particular vigorously opposed the last cuts Walker proposed almost immediately after the governor announced them.

Many more Wisconsin students are now choosing to go out of state because of perceived quality declines at all UW System institutions, including UW-Madison. Madison has been the victim of faculty recruiting drives by both public and private campuses. Many well-known members of the faculty have left. This makes the enrollment crisis more severe.

Second, Wisconsin's private institutions face a competitive disadvantage because Wisconsin's college student aid program is far short of what other states offer. Wisconsin cannot expect its fine private schools to thrive until it sharply increases its student financial aid program.

I served for a decade on the Finance Committee of Edgewood College, so I saw firsthand the challenges the fine institution faces because student financial aid was not a state priority. The private institutions are very important to the long-term health of Wisconsin. We neglect them at our peril.

Third, high school students leave because of a lack of competitive- salaried job opportunities in Wisconsin. Many Wisconsin employers do not offer market-competitive salaries, and high-school students are well aware of this. Minnesota employers actually recruit Wisconsin high-school students to highly paid internships when they make their initial University of Minnesota campus visit.

Minnesota employers also discuss long-term employment opportunities with these high school students during special Wisconsin Day weekend recruitment programs on the Twin City campus. These Saturdays in Minnesota focus entirely on recruiting high achieving Wisconsin high school students. I attended two of these impressive events as a parent, as have thousands of Wisconsin parents.

Wisconsin must recognize as a state it is in a fierce competitive economic environment. State government and many of its employers, other than Epic in Verona and new technology firms, have failed to recognize that. While demographics are destiny, the failure to compete with other states is equally important.

CREDIT: DAVID W. OLIEN;Olien is senior vice president emeritus of the University of Wisconsin System: davidolien@yahoo.com.{CORRECTION}\Speaker Vos' name misspelled\Assembly Speaker Robin Vos' last name was misspelled in the column "Fewer grads isn't UW's only problem" on the cover of the Opinion section Sunday. (Published on 11/13/18)

Document XWST000020181112eebb0003y




Fabulous,Hair & Beauty,Black Friday 2018,Deals and sales
super sale Black Friday 2018: get first dibs on discounts in the early bird Superdrug sale

by Abbie Southan 
504 words
7 November 2018
02:35 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2018 

Superdrug Health & Beauty Card members can bag themselves some Black Friday deals from now - go, go, go!

SUPERDRUG'S Black Friday 2018 sale is going to be huge, with up to 70% off electricals, beauty, fragrance and gifts - if only we could get our hands on these deals now.

Spoiler alert: you can, just get yourself one of these babies and you're sorted.

Superdrug Health & Beauty Card members can have early bird access to a special sale in store and online from today until midnight Tuesday 13th November.

The Black Friday sale will resume on November 23rd for other customers, who can shop whatever is left of the sale until Tuesday 27th.

Health & Beauty card members will have got in there early no doubt?snapping up exclusive deals across best-selling beauty electricals from Braun, Tresemme, Babyliss, Oral-B and Phillips, Christmas gifts from Revolution, Pinky Goat, Real Techniques and I Heart Revolution and a host of own-brand best-sellers.

And we have to say, the discounts are pretty good.

* Diesel Only the Brave 200ml EDT, was £84, now £42 (50% off for Superdrug members) - buy here

* Calvin Klein Euphoria 100ml, was £70, now £35 (50% off for Superdrug members) - buy here

* Revolution Christmas Tree, was £120, now £60 (50% off for Superdrug members) - buy here

* B. Accessories Beauty Trolley Case, was £120, now £60 (50% off for Superdrug members) - buy here

* Philips Sonicare ProtectiveClean Sonic Toothbrush HX6803 Bl, was £179.99, now £59.99 (67% off for Superdrug members) - buy here

Where do I sign up?

Here's the best bit: you can get a Health & Beautycard for FREE.

Simple pick up one from your local Superdrug store and register it online (you can also fill out a form in-store).

From there, you can present your card to the cashier when shopping in store and the discounts will be applied to your basket - to check prices, you'll see a tiny label on the shelves which says 'Health & Beautycard price'.

Alternatively, log in to your online account to seem the deals applied instantly - just make sure your card is registered on your Superdrug account before purchasing.

You will rack up points every time you spend?and once you have a certain amount, you can shop for free at Superdrug.

Download the Superdrug app to track points and keep a digital copy of your card for scanning in store.

Find out more here.

How much will be Superdrug delivery cost?

Standard delivery is FREE for Health & Beautycard members when they spend £10 or £3 and you'll order will arrive within 5 working days.

If you want your order faster, opt for Next Day Delivery and pay £5.50.

Alternatively, you can save yourself some money and collect your goodies in store for FREE.

For more delivery options, including international options, see here.

Document THESUK0020181107eeb70005o




Money
Fake poppy sellers caught cashing in on the anniversary of WW1 - and the money is going to anything but charity

By Emma Munbodh 
504 words
1 November 2018
01:19 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2018 Mirror Group Ltd 

Members of the public are being told to be extra vigilant when buying merchandise this year - with fraudsters using the anniversary to raise money to fund organised crime

The public have been warned to watch out for fake poppy sellers cashing in on the anniversary of the end of the First World War.

The City of London Police's Intellectual Property Crime Unit (PIPCU)said it's uncovered a number of charity impersonators selling merchandise ahead of Remembrance Day.

Instead of this money being passed on to the Armed Forces and servicemen in need through the Royal British Legion, it's lining the pockets of criminals. This can then be used to fund anything from flash cars to organised crime.

City of London said it's seized goods from a number of addresses where online sellers have been flogging counterfeit scarves and more merchandise.

While this does not include traditional paper poppies, it has included costume jewellery broaches.

Last autumn, Border Force officers intercepted a shipment of poppy merchandise intended for the UK worth in the region of £150,000.

Why James McClean won't wear Remembrance poppy as Stoke winger issues statement

The Intellectual property Office is now warning the members of the public should be extra vigilant when buying merchandise this year.

Not only are these items unapproved counterfeits, not a penny of the money raised is going to charity.

Their donations are intended to support Armed Forces community men, women, veterans and their families but are instead funding fraudsters.

"It is truly shocking that anyone would target and exploit one of the UK's most cherished charities and take advantage of public support for our Armed Forces," said Intellectual Property Minister Sam Gyimah.

"Together we can ensure donations go to the people they are intended for, by only supporting approved merchandise. Be vigilant when you are buying your poppies this year, and look out for the Royal British Legion logo to ensure the merchandise is approved and genuine."

Claire Rowcliffe, from The Royal British Legion, said: "We would urge everyone wishing to purchase a Remembrance poppy brooch, to do so through official channels. For example, you can buy from one of our trusted volunteers, from The Royal British Legion's online Poppy Shop, or from one of our corporate partners.

"We would urge anyone purchasing a poppy to buy through official Royal British Legion channels."

The public are being asked to look out for counterfeit goods in the shape, or bearing the image of, the British Legion's familiar two-petal red poppy, or Poppy Scotland's four-petal poppy in Scotland.

To help consumers beat the fraudsters, here are the top tips to avoid buying fake poppy merchandise online:

corporate partners

The Royal British Legion

The Royal British Legion official eBay

Anyone that suspects fraudulent activity should call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 or report it online.

Document MIRUK00020181030eeau003h8




ICMA-RC Client, Monroe County, NY, Receives NAGDCA Leadership Recognition Award

504 words
30 October 2018
Ghana News Agency
GANAGEN
English
© 2018, Ghana News Agency (GNA), All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.company 

(GlobeNewswire) - Monroe County, a longtime ICMA-RC client in New York, was recently awarded a NAGDCA 2018 Leadership Recognition Award, which recognizes excellence and innovation in retirement plan design, participant education, technology, and/or effective communication methods in government defined contribution plans.

The Monroe County Deferred Compensation Plan received the recognition following the launch of its first annual VIP Retirement Dinner in 2017 to engage high-balance retirement plan participants who retired or were no longer working for the county. After analyzing participant data for trends and opportunities to better serve participants, it was determined that a significant portion of Monroe Countys retirement plan assets were held by high-balance separated/retired participants over the age of 50. The goal of the VIP dinner was to educate participants about the benefits of the plan and examine their individual goals and retirement needs. The event contributed to a 17 percent decrease in roll-outs, a 33 percent increase in roll-ins and a plan retention rate of 96.3 percent, which represents more than a .5 percent increase from 2016.

Our inaugural VIP Retirement Dinner in 2017 encouraged attendees to become more involved and better informed about their retirement options and it produced strong measurable results, said Brayton Connard, Director of Human Resources for Monroe County. We received very encouraging feedback and engagement from attendees, making it a win-win for those who were involved and we anticipate making this an annual event for the foreseeable future.

The one-night event included a cocktail hour, formal dinner, and presentations from featured speakers. The attendees had the opportunity to interact with the Deferred Compensation Committee, Plan Investment Consultant, ICMA-RC, and the 457 Plan Education Team. One-on-one discussions focusing on the benefits of their 457 plan throughout retirement gave attendees a better understanding of their retirement needs and how to reach their goals.

ICMA-RC applauds Monroe Countys innovative approach and the effort they made to carry out a productive event for their retirement plan participants, said Joseph Teague, Managing Vice President, Field Sales & Relationship Management for ICMA-RC. We were pleased to support their efforts by providing resources that helped attendees think about retirement in new ways.

About ICMA-RC

Founded in 1972, ICMA-RC is a non-profit, independent financial services corporation with approximately $55 billion in assets under management and administration (as of September 30, 2018), focused on providing retirement plans and related services for over a million public sector participant accounts. ICMA-RCs mission is to help public sector employees build retirement security. The organizations mission is delivered through its RealizeRetirement approach in which ICMA-RC representatives actively engage participants in their retirement programs, help them build their asset base, and help them realize their retirement goals through a comprehensive retirement planning strategy. For more information, visit www.icmarc.org or follow ICMA-RC on Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter.

Attachment

Monroe County

Aprile Pritchet

ICMA-RC

2029628067

apritchet@icmarc.org

Document GANAGEN020181030eeau000jj




News; Teasers
MARKET MOVER PAUL O'BRIEN

504 words
28 October 2018
The Sunday Times
ST
1; Ireland
11
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2018 

Paul O'Brien is head of investments at Goodbody Asset Management in Dublin. He leads the team that manages the Goodbody Dividend Income 4 (GDI 4) fund, which is an actively managed multi-asset fund invested in a diversified mix of traditional asset classes. The fund is available to investors through New Ireland Assurance.

Fund philosophy The GDI 4 fund employs an active approach to asset allocation, investment selection and risk management. Typically, high-quality global dividend growth companies account for 70% of the fund, with the remaining 30% diversified across a mix of lower-risk asset classes including government and corporate bonds, property, cash deposits and gold. "Importantly, the investment team has the flexibility to tactically manage the equity mix in a range of 55%-85%," says O'Brien. "In addition, a risk management overlay is used to dampen the volatility of the equity exposure, helping to smooth the returns journey for investors."

Performance GDI 4 is among the top-performing multi-asset funds available on the Irish market during 2018, over oneand two-year periods. As of the end of September, it is up 16% since its launch in March 2016, ahead of its benchmark, which is up 10%.

Buying and selling Recent equity market turbulence gave the fund an attractive opportunity to add a new position in global cosmetics company L'Oréal to its global dividend equity exposure.

"The company offers exposure to the structural growth of the global beauty market, supported by a growing middle class and a high propensity among consumers to trade up," says O'Brien, pictured.

"L'Oréal boasts a high-quality brand portfolio including Lancôme, Maybelline and Garnier, which underpins strong pricing power, high profit margins and future dividend growth prospects. It exemplifies the type of high-quality dividend growth companies held in the fund."

The fund also sold out of its entire Italian bond holdings earlier this year, preferring to be positioned in other countries in Europe, including France, Holland and Spain.

"We took a view that the returns on offer in Italian bonds weren't sufficient to compensate the fund for the risk associated with the new political landscape and fiscal position of the country," says O'Brien.

He also highlights the fact that the fund's bond exposure is all investment grade, eurodenominated and short duration, which in his view "reduces the risk associated with rising global interest rates/ bonds yields".

Outlook O'Brien acknowledges that global investment markets have delivered strong returns since the global financial crisis and that the magnitude of returns in the next few years will likely be lower.

That said, despite expecting a pick-up in volatility in the future, he is upbeat on the fund's ability to continue delivering solid returns over the medium/long term "while the environment is now becoming more late cycle, the global economic backdrop is solid, corporate profitability is still forecast to expand again in 2019, and while equity valuations have become more reasonable".

Document ST00000020181028eeas0003k




SAVERS SELECTION OCTOBER 25

By Vicky Shaw, Press Association Personal Finance Correspondent 
504 words
26 October 2018
12:34 AM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2018, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved 

Contact Account Notice or Term Deposit % Interest Paid

No notice accounts

Marcus by Goldman Sachs marcus.co.uk Online Savings Account None £1 1.50% A Mly

Family Building Society familybuildingsociety.co.uk Premium Saver (1) None £5,000 1.45% Yly

Tesco Bank tesco.com Internet Saver None £1 1.40% A Yly

Sainsbury's Bank sainsburysbank.co.uk Defined Access Saver - 7 None £1,000 1.40% Yly

Notice accounts

Charter Savings Bank chartersavingsbank.co.uk 95 Day Notice - Issue 20 95 Day £1,000 1.81% Yly

Secure Trust Bank securetrustbank.com 180 Day Notice 180 Day £1,000 1.81% Qly

Paragon Bank paragonbank.co.uk 120 Day Notice (10) 120 Day £500 1.80% Yly

Secure Trust Bank securetrustbank.com 120 Day Notice 120 Day £1,000 1.79% Qly

Internet accounts

Virgin Money virginmoney.com Double Take E-Saver 8 None £1 1.42% Yly Virgin Money virginmoney.com MUFC Double E-Saver 3 None £1 1.42% Yly Charter Savings Bank chartersavingsbank.co.uk Easy Access - Issue 10 None £1,000 1.40% Yly

Post Office Money postoffice.co.uk Online Saver Issue 33 None £1 1.38% A Yly

Monthly interest

Charter Savings Bank chartersavingsbank.co.uk 95 Day Notice - Issue 20 95 Day £1,000 1.81% Mly

Paragon Bank paragonbank.co.uk 120 Day Notice (10) 120 Day £500 1.80% Mly

OakNorth oaknorth.com 120 Day Notice Deposit 120 Day £1,000 1.79% Mly Gatehouse Bank B gatehousebank.com 120 Day Notice 120 Day £1,000 1.78% Mly

Cash Isas

Charter Savings Bank chartersavingsbank.co.uk 95 Day Notice ISA - 3 95 Day £1,000 1.40% Yly

Virgin Money virginmoney.com Double Take E-ISA 3 None £1 1.38% Yly

Virgin Money virginmoney.com MUFC Double E-ISA 2 None £1 1.38% Yly Leeds BS leedsbuildingsociety.co.uk Ltd Issue Online ISA (7) None £1,000 1.38% OM

Junior Cash Isas

Coventry BS 0800 121 8899 Junior Cash ISA (1) Age 18 £1 3.60% Yly

Danske Bank 0800 660033 Junior Cash ISA Age 18 £25 3.45% Yly Darlington BS 01325 366366 Junior Cash ISA Age 18 £1 3.25% Yly

TSB via branch Junior Cash ISA Age 18 £1 3.25% Yly

Fixed rates bonds

BLME B blme.com Premier Deposit Account 7 Yr Bnd £10,000 2.75% F Yly Ikano Bank C ikano.co.uk Fixed 5 Year Saver 5 Yr Bnd £1,000 2.70% F Yly Close Brothers Savings via post Fixed Term Deposit 5 Yr Bnd £10,000 2.70% F Yly

BLME B blme.com Premier Deposit Account 5 Yr Bnd £10,000 2.70% F Yly

Source: Moneyfacts - moneyfacts.co.uk

A = Introductory rate for a limited period

B = This provider operates under Islamic finance principles, rate shown is expected profit rate

C = Protected by a Non-UK compensation scheme

F = Fixed rate

OM = On maturity

Document PRESSA0020181025eeap007vd




Money
What mega millions lottery winners of the past spent their jackpot on

Georgia Chambers 
504 words
24 October 2018
11:19 PM
London Evening Standard Online
NSONL
English
(c) 2018 Evening Standard Limited. 

From building a waterparkto blowing the whole lot - here's how past lotto winners have splashed their cash

Whilst most of us are trying to scrape by until payday, one lucky American has just won a staggering $1.6 billion.

The single ticket holder in South Carolinahas won thelargest lottery jackpot ever in the Mega Millions draw.

Mega Millions is played in 44 US states and costs about $2 to play, although your odds of actually winning are almost non-existent- about 1 in 302 million.

As the mystery jackpot winner thinks about how to splash the cash, we take a look back at how past winners have spent their money:

Build a waterpark

Husband and wife John and Linda Kutey won big money back in 2011.

Mr Kutey was one of seven employees at his firm who cashed in a $319 million winning ticket. His share was $28.7 million.

The pair decided to build a $200,000 waterpark in their community in honour of their parents.

Start a TV show

19-year-old Jonathan Vargas couldn't believe it when he scooped $35.3 million in 2008.

Mr Vargas bought a TV production company with the money, launching Wrestilicious - a show featuring scantily clad women wrestling.

The show was not renewed for a second season and Mr Vargas is said to have spent the majority of his winnings.

Pursue dreams of becoming a photographer

Canadian teenager Charlie Lagarde won C$1m with her very first lottery ticket in 2018.

Rather than receive the money in a lump sum, she opted for weekly instalments of C$1,000 for life.

Ms Lagarde said she would use the money to travel and finance her dream of becoming a National Geographic photographer.

Support marijuana legalisation

Bob Erbused his 2012 winnings to advocate the decriminalisation of marijuana.

Mr Erb had previously run for the B.C. Marijuana Party n 2001.

Read more

Lucky winner scoops biggest ever $1.6bn Mega Millions jackpot

Not everyone's lottery wins had a happy ending, however...

After winning £30 million, Abraham Shakespeare disappeared and was later found buried under a slab of concrete.

A woman named DeeDee Moore, who Mr Shakespeare's brother said befriended him after his win, was found guilty of his murder.

Jack Whittaker won $315 million in 2002. Just four years later, he was broke and lost both his daughter and granddaughter to drug overdoses, which he blamed on his lottery win. He was also robbed of $545,000 in cash.

Sandra Hayes wrote a book about how her multi-million win tore apart her personal relationships.

She said: "I had to endure the greed and the need that people have, trying to get you to release your money to them. That caused a lot of emotional pain. These are people who you've loved deep down, and they're turning into vampires trying to suck the life out of me."

Document NSONL00020181024eeao002js




Foresters Financial Celebrates National Retirement Security Week

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
22 October 2018
Contify Insurance News
ATINNW
English
Copyright © 2018 Contify.com 

NEW YORK, Oct. 22 -- Foresters FinancialTM is recognizing National Retirement Security Week (NRSW), which is being held October 21 - 27, 2018 and promoted by the National Association of Government Defined Contribution Administrators, Inc. (NAGDCA). The event is part of a national effort to raise public awareness about the importance of saving for retirement and encourages employers to promote the benefits of saving for retirement and encourages their employees to take full advantage of employer-sponsored plans.

"Foresters Financial strongly believes in the importance of retirement planning and we are proud to participate in this national awareness campaign and the related dialogue on financial planning," said Paul Prete, Vice President for Retirement Programs at Foresters Financial Services, Inc. "According to industry statistics, 36% of American workers don't contribute to a retirement account. Our goal is to help move the needle on this statistic and to get more people focused on their overall financial well-being which includes having a retirement plan that is catered to their needs"1. "Each of us should take a moment to reflect on our level of preparedness and then actively take steps to prepare for the future".

To learn more about National Retirement Security Week, and find out if your retirement planning is on track, speak with your Foresters Financial Representative today.

1The 2018 Retirement Confidence Survey. Employee Benefit Retirement Institute.

About National Association of Government Defined Contribution Administrators, Inc.

Based in Lexington, Kentucky, the NAGDCA and its membership urge employers to promote NRSW with special events aimed at getting employees to start saving for retirement and to work together to assure that plan administrators and plan providers present participants with the information and education needed for their retirement. Visit https://www.nagdca.org for more information. Foresters Financial is not affiliated with the NAGDCA.

About Foresters Financial

Foresters Financial is an international financial services provider with more than three million clients and members in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom. We provide life insurance, savings, retirement and investment solutions that help families achieve their financial goals and make a lasting difference in their lives and communities. Foresters Financial has assets of $17.7 billion, liabilities of $15.7 billion, total funds under management of $45.1 billion and a surplus of $2 billion (all figures in Canadian dollars as of December 31, 2017). For more information, visit foresters.com

Foresters Financial and Foresters are the trade names and trademarks of The Independent Order of Foresters, a fraternal benefit society, 789 Don Mills Road, Toronto, Canada M3C 1T9 and its subsidiaries, including Foresters Financial Holding Company, Inc. (FFHC). Foresters Financial Services, Inc. is a registered broker-dealer and subsidiary of FFHC. All securities, life insurance and annuity products are offered through Foresters Financial Services, Inc. Insurance products are issued by Foresters Life Insurance and Annuity Company or The Independent Order of Foresters. Foresters Financial does not provide legal, estate planning, or tax advice.

Source: Foresters Financial

Document ATINNW0020181026eeam000ba




Pensions
Legal ruling opens door to new pensions death tax risk

By Sam Brodbeck, deputy personal finance editor 
504 words
20 October 2018
01:28 AM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2018. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

The pensions of savers in ill-health face the threat of inheritance tax after HM Revenue & Customs won a controversial appeal case.

Pensions are generally assumed to be exempt from death duties - but in theory if someone transfers their pension and then dies within two years, inheritance tax can be applied.

Almost all transfers are granted an exemption, unless there are suspicions money was moved in order specifically to dodge tax.

That was what HMRC argued in a Court of Appeal case it won in June, the details of which have just been published.

The tax man argued the late Mrs Staveley transferred her pension six weeks before her death in 2006 in order to limit the tax her sons would have to pay on her estate. Prior to the appeal, a tribunal ruled Mrs Staveley's sole reason for moving her pension was to make sure it did not end up in the hands of her ex-husband.

Yet the Court of Appeal eventually agreed with HMRC, which appealed against two previous judgments.

Tom Selby, of pension firm AJ Bell, said the ruling caused "major confusion for pension savers in ill-health" and risked landing families with a "shock 40pc tax bill on the money left behind by a loved one".

He said: "What we are left with is a complex, nonsensical web of rules which risk layering on extra worry for beneficiaries at a time where they are likely to be suffering from serious emotional distress.

Inheritance tax | How does it work? "Instead of allowing court rulings to determine whether inheritance tax is due on retirement funds left behind, the Government could radically simplify the system by exempting pensions from inheritance tax altogether."

Everyone has a £325,000 allowance before inheritance tax is due at 40pc. In addition, the "family home" allowance applies where a main residence is passed on to direct descendants. This is worth an additional £125,000 per person this tax year.

As married couples and civil partners inherit each other's unused allowances, a couple can pass on £900,000 free of death duties. From April 2020 this will rise to £1m.

Pensions' tax treatment on death depends on the type of scheme. A "final salary" pension normally dies with the spouse of the scheme member, while "defined contribution" savings can be passed down indefinitely.

Unspent defined contribution money is taxed at the highest income tax rate of the person receiving it. In many cases, this means pensions are passed on entirely tax-free.

An HMRC spokesman said: "The Court of Appeal unanimously upheld HMRC's appeals against the decisions of the First Tier and Upper Tribunals.

"HMRC believes that an individual transferring funds between pension schemes whilst in ill health, with a view to leaving the death benefits for others, will make a "transfer of value" which may give rise to inheritance tax."

sam.brodbeck@telegraph.co.uk

Document TELUK00020181019eeaj00209




Real Estate
Red Hill Victoria's most searched suburb

Ming Haw Lim 
504 words
19 October 2018
Herald Sun? - ?Online
NLHRSW
English
© 2018 News Limited. All rights reserved. 

WITH just 12 homes for sale and a median house price half that of Portsea, Red Hill is a suburb in high demand.

The small Mornington Peninsula suburb is the most searched among buyers in Victoria on realestate.com.au.

The property listings site's report on the most in-demand suburbs also lists Red Hill fourth nationally, with the top 10 covered by four states.

The rankings are based on the number of views per property listed for sale on the website.

Related: Flinders a peninsula top performer

Former Coles family weekender aims for price record

Local agents say many people are keen to enter Red Hill, which had just 731 residents in the 2011 Census.

Homes there are tightly held, with owners holding on for long periods, with a median of 13.5 years.

Just 13 sales have been recorded since the start of this year, records show.

Two recent listings have come under offer, with another dozen listed for sale on realestate.com.au as at October 19.

The beautiful surrounds and semirural feel plus a growing cafe and food scene are among the factors behind the area's rising popularity, according to agents.

"Red Hill attracts a lot of aspirational buyers and we see more families coming here in addition to those retiring or looking for holiday homes," Kay & Burton Flinders agent Meg Pell said.

"We find buyers are very particular about what they want and so take their time to find the right property.

"Perhaps this is why the area ranks high with searches by buyers."

It also has a family friendly and safe image, which was attractive to buyers, Ms Pell said.

The area offers a "country lifestyle and still reasonably priced homes compared to more pricey Shoreham and Flinders", according to RT Edgar Mt Eliza director Vicki Sayers.

"It has a great community feel and is also becoming cosmopolitan with more restaurants and cafes and markets," Ms Sayers said.

Red Hill had a median house price of $895,000 in the 12 months to July, CoreLogic data shows. The median price has risen 39 per cent over a three-year period.

While rising strongly, the median price is still well behind the nearby suburbs of Flinders, Sorrento, Fingal and Balnarring Beach where median house prices are above $1 million. Portsea had a $1.945 million median house price over the same period.

"Red Hill is quite far from town but offers the ability to buy beautiful big homes," realestate.com.au chief economist Nerida Conisbee said.

"Dollar per square metre you get a lot more for your money than when you move into the inner Melbourne suburbs."

Ms Conisbee added the peninsula was "increasingly an area people are willing to commute from and there are a lot of beautiful homes there".

"It comes down to the big homes on the big blocks but also the premium nature of properties in the area," Ms Conisbee said.

Document NLHRSW0020181019eeaj001me


Elon: DeJoy-Wos endowment to fund four full scholarships per year

John Joyce 
504 words
18 October 2018
Triad Business Journal Online
TRIBJO
English
© 2018 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved. 

An endowment unveiled at the inauguration of Elon's ninth president, Connie Ledoux Book, will provide full scholarships to Greensboro Title I school students whose families could otherwise never afford tuition at the university.

A Title I school is one that has a student base where at least 40 percent come from low-income families.

The DeJoy-Wos Odyssey Scholars Endowment will start out providing full rides for four students per year, and will grow in the coming years to provide 12 full scholarships per year.

The endowment is a joint venture between the Odyssey Program, the Martha and Spencer Love School of Business, Guilford County Schools and the United Way of Greater Greensboro.

The dollar-figure behind the endowment is not being released. In 2017, the average annual cost of tuition at Elon University was listed at $34,273.

"This dedication of personal resources by the DeJoy-Wos family represents the hope and confidence in an Elon education and in the future of our local communities," Book said during her speech. "Louis and Aldona are creating opportunity where little was imagined."

Book said students who receive these scholarships will gain access to an Elon education and experiences, preparing for lifetimes of service.

Louis DeJoy is president and founder of LDJ Global Strategies, a Greensboro-based real estate and private equity firm. He is the retired former chief executive of XPO Logistics Inc. (NYSE: XPO) and previously chairman and CEO of New Breed Logistics. The company became one of the 10 largest logistics and transportation providers in the world.

XPO Logistics purchased New Breed in 2014 for $615 million.

Dr. Aldona Wos served as U.S. Ambassador to Estonia under President George W. Bush and also served as secretary of the N.C. Department of Health and Human Services. She has a slew of credits to her name, including having served on the board of the United Way of Greater Greensboro and the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.

The couple are the founding donors of the Elon School of Law in Greensboro and are among the university's largest donors.

"When I see the commitment that Elon has to the Odyssey Program and the success they're having, it is very inviting to someone like me who wants to make an impact in the Greensboro community. I'm excited about this," DeJoy said.

The Odyssey Program includes tuition assistance, a stipend for books and supplies and a one-time global grant for students to study abroad or Study USA program.

"I am so pleased that we are able to provide otherwise unavailable educational opportunities for the youth of our community," said Wos. "It is especially rewarding to me to enable educational growth on all levels and to encourage and support our future leaders."

Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe to Triad Business Journal for more articles and leads? Visit bizjournals.com/subscribe or call 1-866-853-3661.

Document TRIBJO0020181018eeai000b5




Money Mail
TAKE THE HASSLE OUT OF SWITCHING

BY SYLVIA MORRIS 
504 words
17 October 2018
Daily Mail
DAIM
46
English
© 2018 Solo Syndication. All rights reserved. 

SAVERS can earn more interest and? make switching accounts more straightforward by signing up to a slick new service.

So-called savings platforms are gaining popularity with people fed up with rock-bottom rates from the big banks and the tedious process of changing providers.

Hargreaves Lansdown Active Savings has pulled in £100?million in just five weeks following its launch last month. It comes hot on the heels of Raisin UK, which has attracted 15,000 customers since arriving in the UK in May.

Others including Octopus, Insignis Cash Solutions and Flagstone are also popular.

You sign up to an online platform and get a? choice of fixed-rate bonds at top interest rates from smaller banks and building societies. Your money is covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme - up to £85,000 with each bank you choose.

The big plus is that there is no paperwork when you switch to a new bond or easy-access account within the platform. You fill in your details just once on first signing up.

You can spread your money across providers, see all your accounts in one place and move cash in and out of your current account.

The firm should also alert you when your fixed-rate deal is ending, so you remember to swap to another top account.

Experts say switching accounts the old-fashioned way has proved a big turn-off, due to time-consuming form-filling and digging around for the right documents each time.

Nearly half of savers (45 out of 100) in taxable easy-access accounts don't bother and instead stay in old, poor-paying accounts for five years or more, found City regulator the Financial Conduct Authority.

What platforms offer is down to which banks and building societies have signed up to it.

Hargreaves Lansdown, Raisin UK and Octopus, with which you must have at least £1,000 to invest, offer access to a limited number of providers and plan to add more. Hargreaves offers bonds from Charter Savings Bank, Close Brothers and ICICI Bank.

Last week, it had top-paying Metro Bank and Coventry BS bonds. It will add easy-access accounts and cash Isas next year.

Raisin UK has bonds from Gatehouse, ICICI and B&C banks, and pays a bonus to savers putting in more than £10,000 that adds 0.2?pc to your rate. It also plans to add easy-access accounts to its range.

Octopus has bonds with OakNorth, Aldermore, Metro and Cambridge & Counties banks. Insignis, which launched in September 2016 and which has attracted £225?million of savers' money, has a much wider range, from 20 different banks, with both fixed-rate bonds and easy-access accounts. But you need a minimum £50,000 to sign up.

Flagstone has 26 different banks, but there is a huge minimum entry of £250,000. This will fall to £50,000 next year.

sy.morris@dailymail.co.uk

© Daily Mail

Document DAIM000020181016eeah0000z




COSTS DRIVE ELECTRIC CAR INTEREST

Chris Hutching 
504 words
17 October 2018
The Press (Christchurch)
THEPRE
27
English
© 2018 Fairfax New Zealand Limited. All Rights Reserved. 

Rising fuel prices will be reflected in higher prices in shops, but some business owners are showing more interest in electric vehicles to reduce their expenditure.

Fuel makes up about 15 per cent of freight costs, so any increase in a highly competitive industry will have to be passed on, according to Ken Shirley, chief executive of the Road Transport Forum.

"Some [firms] have automatic fuel adjustment clauses so they'll introduce them quickly unless they want to go out of business," he said.

"Virtually everything is transported by a truck, whether it's supermarket goods, whiteware or exports. So rising fuel prices have to have an immediate effect."

A Countdown spokesperson said it was too early "to provide any view as to whether there will be any price impact as a result of current fuel pricing".

Foodstuffs spokeswoman Antoinette Laird said fuel was one component of supermarket pricing, along with wages, compliance costs, insurance and other business levies.

"It's inevitable that at some point increased costs from our suppliers will be passed on to consumers.

"We are looking for efficiencies at every level of our business to try and keep these to a minimum. It's difficult to say at this point what any level of price increase might look like and when, or if, it is applied," Laird said.

Meanwhile, one of New Zealand's vehicle leasing and finance companies has seen an increase in inquiries from businesses looking to adopt electric vehicles (EVs) to their fleets.

Driveline chief executive Lance Manins said there had been an increase of about 26 per cent in requests for EVs through his company since April, potentially due to regional fuel taxes and fluctuating fuel costs.

Manins said he was getting up to 15 more inquiries a week, which was substantial for a leasing company.

"Most of our clients seem to be small to medium enterprises - maybe they want to make a statement about their environmental responsibility, or demonstrate a point of difference."

He predicted the trend towards EVs would accelerate in 2019.

It would create some uncertainty for his company, which sold cars from the fleet into the secondary market.

If there were more of them it might devalue the prices of Driveline's sales - although, conversely, the effect might be offset if they became cheaper to purchase from the manufacturers.

Leasing was attractive to many companies because of the high initial outlay to buy EVs. And there were tax advantages, he said.

There were now more than 10,000 EVs on the roads in New Zealand - up from 440 four years ago.

Recent Ministry of Transport findings revealed that a higher number of private individuals owned EVs, and most were owned by Aucklanders.

Charging networks were becoming available throughout most of the country and charging times would reduce below 15 minutes, he said.

Next year the Tesla Model 3 will be available, at a cost expected to be cheaper than an imported Nissan Leaf, Manins said.

Document THEPRE0020181016eeah00011




Money
Patisserie Valerie could be gone "by Friday morning" as café scrambles to find cash

By Ravender Sembhy 
504 words
12 October 2018
04:16 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2018 Mirror Group Ltd 

After yesterday's bombshell news of accounting irregularities, the much-loved cake maker is now struggling to stay afloat

Patisserie Valerie could collapse into administration as soon as Friday morning as time runs out to find a rescuer for the stricken cake chain.

The group's parent firm Patisserie Holdings issued a stock market update on Thursday saying that it will cease trading without an "immediate" cash injection after discovering a major black hole in its finances.

The Press Association understands that if Luke Johnson, the group's majority shareholder, or another rescuer does not step forward with emergency funds overnight, the firm will be forced to appoint administrators.

Mr Johnson, a serial entrepreneur, is the largest shareholder in Patisserie Holdings with a 37% stake.

PwC, which is working with the firm on its financial position, is the most likely to carry out the insolvency, but several other corporate undertakers are also thought to be waiting in the wings.

Patisserie Valerie in fight for survival after winding up order petition

PwC, which is working with the firm on its financial position, is the most likely to carry out the insolvency, but several other corporate undertakers are also thought to be waiting in the wings.

Even if a buyer for the group does emerge, any purchase would likely be conducted via a pre-pack administration process, where a new owner is able to shed onerous liabilities.

Emergency fundraising talks overseen by advisers to Patisserie Holdings were ongoing on Thursday evening. Other options on the table include a loan or a rights issue.

As well as grappling with a potentially fraudulent multimillion-pound accounting black hole, Patisserie Holdings has been slapped with a winding up petition over £1.14 million in unpaid taxes to HMRC.

High street closures

The firm said on Thursday: "The company, in conjunction with its professional advisers, has during the last 24 hours, undertaken further investigation into the financial status of the company.

"The board has now reached the conclusion that there is a material shortfall between the reported financial status and the current financial status of the business.

"Without an immediate injection of capital, the directors are of the view that that is no scope for the business to continue trading in its current form."

The company's directors and professional advisers are "assessing all options available to the business to keep it trading".

The company's future was originally thrown into question on Wednesday, when shares were suspended following the discovery of the accounting irregularities.

Patisserie Holdings said it has been notified of "significant, and potentially fraudulent, accounting irregularities and therefore a potential material mis-statement of the company's accounts".

Finance chief Chris Marsh has since been suspended from his role.

Patisserie Valerie trades from more than 200 stores and also has a partnership with Sainsbury's, with branded counters present in the supermarket.

Job losses and a struggling high street

Document MIRUK00020181011eeab003bp




MILLIONAIRE WROTE WILL ON POSTCARD

Tara Shaskey 
504 words
11 October 2018
Taranaki Daily News
THDAIL
1
English
© 2018 Fairfax New Zealand Limited. All Rights Reserved. 

A Taranaki woman who lived a frugal lifestyle and amassed millions in the process jotted a will on the back of a postcard - and a court has declared it valid.

The end of Kathleen Steiner's life was spent in hospice care where she died on January 31, aged 59.

According to a death notice she passed away in her sister's arms after a "very courageous battle". Despite owning a car valued about $1000, at the time of Kathleen's death her estate was worth approximately $2.8 million.

Her wealth comprised two North Taranaki properties, the car, chattels and bank accounts and cash investments totalling about $2.2m.

According to a court document, Kathleen lived by herself in the farmhouse where she, her three sisters and her brother grew up. She never married and did not have children.

"She lived a frugal lifestyle and amassed considerable wealth in doing so," the court document stated.

But before she died, Kathleen did not formally prepare a will. Instead she wrote various notes expressing how she wished her estate to be doled out.

They varied in length and detail, with one being written on the back of a postcard and two other documents written on a law firm's note paper.

They were all signed and dated, while notes in her diary resembling a will was not.

Following Kathleen's death, an application was made to the High Court of New Zealand by her sister, Margaret Steiner- Joyce, to declare the documents a valid will.

Margaret provided two affidavits in support of her application and said she was unsurprised Kathleen had named her executor of the will as she worked as a legal executive.

Written in the informal wills, Kathleen requested Margaret "sort out who got what of her money".

Cash gifts to various people were detailed, and Margaret and another sister, Rosina, were named the beneficiaries of the remainder of the estate. It was stipulated a third sister got nothing.

The court document explained that Margaret encouraged Kathleen to make a will.

She also recorded a conversation between the two of them in which Margaret spoke to Kathleen about making a will, and Kathleen made various statements about gifts she wished to make.

The court's report stated Kathleen told her sisters about her wills and where to find them, but no one touched the documents until after she had passed away.

Justice Thomas said she was satisfied the three signed and dated documents expressed Kathleen's wishes.

"I place quite some weight on the fact the three documents are all titled as her will, are signed and all bear the same date," she said. "In my assessment, read together, they appear to express her testamentary intentions."

She ruled the documents valid, of which she ordered Margaret to be executor and trustee. It was also ordered that specific bequests be dealt with as per Kathleen's instructions, and the residue be divided equally between Margaret and Rosina.

Document THDAIL0020181010eeab00001




Money
Refunds for 10,000 with mystery phone charges

By Sam Meadows 
504 words
9 October 2018
05:47 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2018. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

More than 10,000 consumers are in line for refunds from firms that misled them into accepting charges on their phone bills.

The Phone-paid Services Authority (PSA), a telecoms regulator, has handed out fines totalling £2m to three companies over the past week - opening the way for customers to apply for reimbursement.

In the biggest case, a fine of more than £1m was given to Xplosion, which tricked customers into signing up to weekly charges of £4.50 for quizzes, competitions and videos.

The company's websites used a tactic known as "click-jacking". Victims unwittingly signed up to subscription services by clicking links on hard-to-spot pop-up adverts on websites including quiz site QUIZM8 and pornographic websites such as Xvidland. The PSA received 252 complaints. Xplosion was fined and banned from operating phone-paid services for five years.

One customer of QUIZM8 told the regulator: "I have no idea how or why my number became associated. I saw no promotion for the service and did not sign up for it."

He said he had not been aware of charges until his bank rejected the payment of his phone bill. "I incurred bank charges as a result," he added.

In another case a fine of £700,000 was handed to Tobaji, which operated a website that offered contact numbers for companies such as Asos and Vitality.

Users would be charged for the calls and the website failed to make clear when there were free, or low-cost, alternatives available. The company made £661,000 in the course of a year.

The third company, PowerTel, was fined £200,000 for misleading people into overpaying for short phone calls. It had placed voice messages on "hundreds of thousands" of outof-use phone numbers, giving the number for a directory service.

These numbers cost between £2 and £6.98 a minute. One caller told the PSA he realised his mistake immediately and hung up, but was charged £7.05 for a 22-second call.

Customers of all three companies can now claim refunds .

A spokesman for the PSA said: "Enforcement is a vitally important part of what we do. Where there is evidence of serious malpractice we have the power to bar services and providers from the market, order refunds and issue substantial fines.

"These fines reflect the seriousness of the breaches in question. In each case the PSA tribunal found that the service providers had broken the rules, resulting in consumer harm."

The PSA said consumers should be cautious about what they clicked on to avoid following links that could lead to a charge and to make sure they understood the full cost of a service before signing up.

It advised people to be wary of customer service numbers that began with 087 or 09. The legitimate number may not be the first to appear on search engines. Consumers should check their phone bill to identify any unexpected or unrecognised charges.

Document TELUK00020181009eea9000m9




CUV Ventures Corp. Receives Exchange Approval on Lease Agreement for the VIP Collection, 182 Domain Names For Global Travel Sale

Globenewswire 
504 words
6 October 2018
07:21 AM
The Canadian Press
CPR
English
(c) 2018 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 

FOR: CUV VENTURES CORP.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct. 05, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CUV Ventures Corp. (TSX-V: CUV) (the "Company") is pleased to announce that, further to its news release dated September 17, 2018, the Company has received final approval from the TSX-Venture Exchange on the lease agreement for the "VIP Collection", a collection of 182 domain names, active websites, legacy internet traffic and, good will. This unique collection of domain names and websites, which have been active, on average, for over 15 years, should ensure the RevoluVIP Travel Club immediate market penetration, through well-known web properties.

The Company's CEO, Steve Marshall, is a non-arm's length party to the transaction as he is a director and majority shareholder of the vendor. The independent directors of the Company have approved the transaction. Further details of the transaction are set out in the September 17, 2018 news release.

About CUV Ventures Corp.:

CUV Ventures Corp. is a multi-asset, multidivisional publicly traded Canadian company deploying advanced technologies in the; Online Travel, Vacation Resort, Mobile Apps, Money Remittance, Invoice factoring, Blockchain Systems, and Cryptotoken sectors.

Our flagship technology is RevoluPAY®, the Apple and Android multinational leisure payments and remittance app, powered by blockchain protocols, and aimed at the worldwide + $595 billion family remittance market. Click here to read more.

For further information on CUV Ventures Corp. (TSX-V: CUV) visit the Company's website at www.cuvventures.com. The Company has approximately 123,200,000 shares issued and outstanding.

CUV VENTURES CORP.

STEVE MARSHALL______________________________Steve MarshallCEO

For further information contact myself or:Nick FindlerCUV Ventures Corp.Telephone: 604-639-3850Toll Free: 800-567-8181Facsimile: 604-687-3119Email: info@cuvventures.com

Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.

This release includes certain statements that may be deemed to be "forward-looking statements". All statements in this release, other than statements of historical facts, that address events or developments that management of the Company expects, are forward-looking statements. Although management believes the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results or developments may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements if management's beliefs, estimates or opinions, or other factors, should change. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements, include market prices, exploration and development successes, continued availability of capital and financing, and general economic, market or business conditions. Please see the public filings of the Company at for further information.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT:

INDUSTRY:

Financial Services - Investment Services and Trading

SUBJECT: MIS

NEWS RELEASE TRANSMITTED BY Globe Newswire

Information:

Document CPR0000020181005eea500whh




Money
SWEET DEAL Morrisons is doing four tubs of Christmas choc for £5 - but you'll have to be quick

By Alice Grahns, Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
4 October 2018
08:04 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2018 

The offer includes Cadbury Heroes and Celebrations as well as Maynards Bassetts Wine Gums and Jelly Babies

WE all know Christmas is the best time to munch on chocolate and sweets - and now Morrisons is selling four tubs of just that for £5.

But the offer is only available for a limited time and as long stocks last, so you'll need to be quick.

Morrisons' offer includes Cadbury Heroes and Celebrations as well as Maynards Bassetts Wine Gums and Jelly Babies.

The chocolate tubs normally cost £2 and the fruity sweets £3 per tub, so customers who pick up one tub each of the four will save £5.

Customers who prefer the sweets before the chocolate and buy four tubs of those instead, will save a total of £7.

It is currently the cheapest deal around compared to other supermarkets.

Tesco is selling Cadbury Heroes for £1.50, down from £3, compared to Asda, which sells the chocolate tub for £2.50, down from £4.

Tesco is also offering Celebrations at the same price as Cadbury Heroes, while Iceland is selling two tubs of Celebrations for £4, or £3 for one.

Both Sainsbury's and Tesco are also selling Maynards Bassets Wine Gums and Jelly Babies at a £1 discount - customers can pick up the packs for £1.50 each at Tesco or £2 each at Sainsbury's.

These prices will come in handy if you're not keen to pick up a large amount of tubs.

But if you see this as the perfect opportunity to stock up in time for Christmas, keep in mind that Morrisons doesn't allow each customer to buy more than 20 promotional items.

You may also want to be careful about how much you eat, the packs which range from 185g-400g, contain between 329-493 calories per 100 g.

Perhaps understandably, the chocolate tubs have the most calories with 475 calories and 493 calories per 100g.

If you're unable to pop by a Morrisons store, you can order the tubs online but you have to do so by October 9.

Customers who like to buy chocolate at Christmas should watch out for festive packaging, some shops charge double just because of this.

Recently it was also revealed that Quality Street had ditched the Honeycomb Crunch flavour, after bringing back Toffee Deluxe.

Meanwhile, from mid-October Morrisons shopper will no longer be able to enjoy the lucrative option of buying gift cards in order to earn points - the supermarket chain has decided to cut the points earned by 80 per cent.We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516.Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESUK0020181004eea4002ml




Fighting for What Is Right: Nonprofit Alliance of Consumer Advocates Turns Back Time, Helps Homeowner Reverse a Trustee Sale Sold at Auction to 3rd Party Highest Bidder

504 words
3 October 2018
Ghana News Agency
GANAGEN
English
© 2018, Ghana News Agency (GNA), All rights Reserved - Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.company 

(PRWeb) - Sixteen years after moving to in his home in 2002, Timothy Mayher of Redondo Beach California found himself in a dire situation. Like so many Americans he had fallen on hard times and became late on his payments and lost the commercial property tied to his home. Although he had a legitimate hardship and tried the work with his lender, the bank filed a notice of default almost immediately. His bank based out of Texas had closed out that branch and he found himself not able to communicate on the status of his mortgage with anyone who was really aware of his particular situation. Mr. Mayher had actually been convinced that the sale of his commercial property had covered the money he still owed.

Six years of fighting back and hoping for a fair and beneficial outcome, the road had finally come to an end. With the lien having accrued over the years to a whopping $372K, Mr. Mayher was now losing his Southern California dream home after having personally repaid his lender more than $700K. After receiving a Notice of Trustee sale in March of 2018, Timothy Mayhers house was put up for auction on April 19th 2018. With what he believed to be no more legal recourse the house was auctioned off to a highest 3rd party bidder on 6/17/2018.

Whereas most mortgage, real estate professionals and attorneys would opinion that it is impossible to reverse a Trustee sale in the case where the property is sold to the highest 3rd party bidder, Timothy Mayher was pointed to NACAlaw.org. Tim was immediately seduced by the faith-based and nonprofit approach of N.A.C.A.

Under their direction and with ZERO money out-of-pocket, Tim was able to meet and engage with the Consumer Defense Law Group seeking a Trustee Sale Reversal, possible damages in addition to his surplus overage that remained from the sale. Tim today credits the Nonprofit Alliance of Consumer Advocates for returning his home, on 9/21/2018 Tim received confirmation from the Lenders Foreclosure Trustee that they were requested by his lender to rescind the foreclosure sale of his home. The home is now scheduled to be reverted back into Tims name so that the Nonprofit Alliance of Consumer Advocates can proceed to restructure his Home loan into a sustainable monthly payment.

About: the Nonprofit Alliance of Consumer Advocates is a faith-based 501C3 nonprofit organization of Licensed Business Professionals that include Mortgage Bankers, Real Estate Brokers, Retired Certified Public Accountants, Enrolled IRS Agents, Private Institutional Investment and Hedge Fund Lenders as well as various State Bar Licensed Attorneys with the network to help homeowners across the United States.

If you would like more information on this story please contact Pepe Delavega at 1-855-NACA-HELP or via email at pepe@nacalaw.org

Document GANAGEN020181003eea3000mb


News
Why raiding pensions is a bad idea

504 words
1 October 2018
Pensions Expert
PENWEE
1; National
5
English
© 2018 Pensions Expert 

Robert Graves

Talking head Pensions tax Speculation is rising that the Treasury will attack pension tax relief in the Autumn Budget to divert funds to meet the promise of extra funding for the NHS.

When politics and fiscal necessity collide, outcomes are difficult to predict. But the current system should be left well alone.

Pension contribution tax relief has long been regarded as low hanging fruit for the Treasury.

But despite having cut the annual allowance and the money purchase annual allowance, the Treasury still feels it is giving away a huge sum in pension tax relief, which is not helped by the ongoing success of auto-enrolment.

Spending on pension tax relief should serve to avoid a bigger bill down the line for state benefit provision for an ageing population.

There has been talk of moving to a flat rate system of tax relief that would see a redistribution of the tax incentive away from the wealthy to those with less.

This has generally been presented as cost neutral, which means it would not give the much-needed boost to the Treasury's coffers.

What is the alternative? Further limiting pension tax relief by adjusting the existing mechanisms is a more obvious choice. One could argue that the current annual allowance of £40,000 is more than generous enough for the mass market. Indeed, some would cut it in two.

But at £20,000 it will increasingly impact ordinary workers with long service, for example those in public sector schemes, in receipt of a reasonable pay rise.

It also does not cater for those non-regular savers who ramp up their pension savings in later years when they are more able to do so.

The amount of pension contribution tax relief available to higher rate tax payers is regarded as the juiciest fruit because a very large proportion of what the Treasury 'spends' on pension contribution tax relief goes to a small group of higher earners.

While the Treasury could look to reduce the income thresholds at which the tapered annual allowance begins to bite, will this deliver the savings the Treasury requires against a backdrop of imposing this complex mechanism on more people? Furthermore, if higher rate tax payers are squeezed, they may start seeking alternative tax reliefs that could reduce Treasury income in other areas. If the movers and shakers become disenfranchised from pensions, this could lead to stigma around having a pension plan as it could be seen as a sign you are not successful.

Pensions should be left alone for the time being, at least to let the current system settle down and auto-enrolment contributions ratchet up. Continued change merely exacerbates the problem, by encouraging people to make contributions now rather than later for fear of losing out.

Reforms in other big ticket areas, such as looking at inheritance tax or national insurance, are more likely to aid the Treasury.

Robert Graves is head of pensions technical services at Embark

Document PENWEE0020181001eea100001




Business
Millennial money

Annabelle Williams 
504 words
29 September 2018
The Times
T
1; Scotland
72
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2018 

The glass ceiling, the gender pay gap, and women's pensions - when it comes to money, differences between the genders matter.

Money is power and each of these issues has been in the spotlight as campaigners have fought to get women on to the same financial footing as men. Financial inequality remains a massive social challenge and momentum is building around a lesser known piece of the money puzzle - why women shy away from the stock market.

British women are diligent savers and have opened far more cash savings accounts than men, but they are less likely to have invested their money. About 40 per cent of women have company stocks and shares, compared with 62 per cent of men.

Keeping savings stashed in cash is a ruinous strategy for the long term, especially with banks paying such low interest rates. Inflation erodes the value of the humble pound and unless you can turn one pound into two, or five, through investment, a lump of cash sitting in the bank will diminish in value.

It matters especially for women because, basically, men die while we keep on going. Apologies for this gloomy statistic but, of the people living alone over the age of 65, about 70 per cent are female. They're widowed, divorced or single and (this is even gloomier) the pay gap follows women into retirement. British women's pensions tend to be 40 per cent lower than men's. That's among the widest differential in Europe. So if a man has £20,000 a year to live off, a woman might have £12,000. Think how differently those two people would live.

While the spotlight has been on the gender pay gap during our working lives, the gap in retirement income has widened over the past decade. Ensuring that millennial women don't face poverty in old age will mean not just saving, but investing more.

So why don't we? I think the baffling jargon, masculinity and elitism of the investment world is off-putting. I hear from well-educated women on good salaries who understand how the Sadly, the gender pay gap follows women into retirement stock market works, but don't know where to start.

I'd argue that the industry hasn't been that bothered about engaging women, there's been an assumption that we are naturally too cautious.

The stereotype that we're caregivers focused on household finance still lingers. The number one question I hear from millennials is "how do I start investing?" It's confidence, not fear of placing a bet, that women lack.

Maike Currie of Fidelity International, an investment manager, says that when women do invest, we're pretty good at it. Studies from Warwick Business School and the University of California Berkeley have found that female investors do better than men - all the more reason to give it a go. Look out in the coming weeks for my guide to help millennials to start investing.

Document T000000020180929ee9t000u9




Money
BOTTOMS UP! Best supermarket for beers, wines and spirits revealed - here's their top tipples under £20 a bottle

By Imogen Blake, Senior Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
28 September 2018
10:46 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2018 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

Aldi has picked up the title of Best Drinks Retailer at the Retail Industry Awards

THE best supermarket to buy alcohol from has been revealed - and it's budget grocery chain Aldi.

Aldi has already won hundreds of awards for its wine, beer and spirits ranges and has now picked up the title of Best Drinks Retailer at the Retail Industry Awards.

The supermarket was crowned at an awards ceremony on Thursday night.

Many of Aldi's award-winning tipples cost less than £20, which is good news for bargain hunters who want to sip good quality drinks.

Aldi, which allows customers to buy its wine and spirits online, beat Lidl and Asda to the title.

This year, the supermarket will launch even more gins in time for Christmas to meet a surge in demand for the spirit.

Exquisite Marlborough Sauvignon - £6.99 - buy now

Veuve Monsigny Champagne Brut - £11.99 - buy now

Exquisite Cremant du Jura - £7.99 - buy now

Stellenbosch Cabernet Merlot - £6.99 - buy now

Organic Prosecco - £7.99 - buy nowSpirits:

Oliver Cromwell London Dry Gin 1L - £14.19 - buy now

Highland Earl Scotch Whisky 1L - £14.99 - buy now

Chocolate Irish Cream Liqueur - £8.99 - buy now

Specially Selected Crème de Cassis - £6.99 - buy now

Amaretto - £4.69 - buy now

Latest figures from the Wine & Spirit Trade Association reveal that sales of gin have doubled in the last five years in the UK.

In August, Aldi launched an online store for its spirits collection alongside its existing wine and Specialbuys online stores.

So far this year, Aldi has won 130 awards for its beers, wines and spirits.

It was also crowned best supermarket at the prestigious International Wine Challenge (IWC) Merchant Awards.

Julie Ashfield, managing director of buying at Aldi UK, said: "We're delighted to add another respected drinks title to our trophy cabinet, hot off the heels of our success at the International Wine Challenge in June, where we were named Supermarket of the Year.

"With the festive season just around the corner, we know our customers want great-value products that don't compromise on quality and our award-winning drinks range does just that.

"With some exciting new additions this year, we're proud to say that each and every bottle is of excellent quality and sold at the best possible price - truly earning its place on our shelves."

Aldi is now selling a colour changing gin that turns from pale sapphire to soft pink when tonic is added.

And earlier this month it unveiled its hangover-free Organic Prosecco.We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516.Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESCOT020180928ee9s003ph




Money
GET A LOAF OF THIS Greggs is testing out click and collect breakfasts in Manchester

By Imogen Blake, Senior Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
20 September 2018
09:10 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2018 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

You can now pre-order treats minutes or days in advance - but there are only three branches offering it for now

THERE'S often a long queue for baked breakfast treats at Greggs in the morning, but now there's a way to skip the line.

The bakery chain is testing out click and collect breakfasts - but they are only available in Manchester for now.

The service allows customers to pre-order their breakfasts either minutes or days in advance of when they want to collect it.

Aimed at busy workers who don't have time to eat breakfast, it's perfect if you're lucky enough to live around the corner from one of the three trial branches.

Otherwise, Greggs fans will just have to hope that the trial is a success, as then the bakery chain may roll out the service nationwide.

You then put in your click and collect location: one of three branches in Manchester, currently.

You then place your breakfast order, choosing from options such as pastries, porridges, granola, baguettes, wraps, coffees, and sandwiches.

You can either pick items you want to collect there and then, or schedule your order for pick up in advance.

The order will then be charged to the card registered to your account.

liParker Street

liKing Street

liVictoria Station

You can then head to your local branch and skip any queues.

The trial lasts until the end of the year so Greggs fans in Manchester have a few months to test out the service.

Roisin Currie, retail and people director at Greggs, said: "When it comes to food-on-the-go, our customers tell us that convenience is key, so we've been working hard to make Greggs available to our customers when and where they want it.

"The breakfast click and collect trial is the latest initiative we're looking at to help make life easier for our customers by offering them quick and convenient access to our great tasting products during the morning rush hour.

"Our strong customer base in Manchester makes it an ideal place to trial this service, which is designed to make life more convenient for customers in a busy inner city."

Greggs has just released its autumn menu, which includes a chilli bake and cheese chutney toasties.

It has also started brewing a coffee war by putting its own spin on the much-loved pumpkin spice latte to rival Starbucks.

Meanwhile, if you don't want to eat breakfast out, one woman has revealed how she cooks every element of an English breakfast in a slow cooker.We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516.Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESCOT020180920ee9k003h4


Gradifi; Earnest and Gradifi Provide Employers With More Student Loan Refinancing Options For Their Workforce

504 words
19 September 2018
Education Letter
EDULTR
56
English
© Copyright 2018 Education Letter via VerticalNews.com 

2018 SEP 19 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Education Letter -- Gradifi announced an expansion of its student loan refinance platform for employers with the addition of Earnest, one of the nation's most innovative providers of student loan refinancing.

Earnest is a lender that helps clients customize loan payments according to their specific budget and accelerate payoff through a variety of payment options. Earnest will be available through Gradifi Refi, an employee benefit program that provides student loan refinancing options to help borrowers get out of debt faster.

"Earnest and Gradifi share the same goal of helping employers offer student loan refinancing solutions to relieve the burden of student loan debt," said Meera Oliva, Chief Marketing Officer of Gradifi. "Working with Earnest, Gradifi can offer even more high-quality refinancing options to employers seeking to address the No. 1 concern of many employees - the high cost of repaying student loans."

Gradifi Refi is one of three employee benefit solutions offered through Gradifi that enable employers to empower employees through financial wellness. Gradifi's SLP Plan(R) (Student Loan Paydown) allows employers to make a regular contribution to pay down an employee's student loan debt. Gradifi's College SaveUp Plan allows employers to make contributions to employees' 529 college savings plans to ease the stress of paying for a child's education.

"Earnest is pleased to be working with Gradifi and offer employers more student loan refinancing options," said David Green, Chief Product Officer of Earnest. "Managing student loan debt is a key objective for many employees and their employers. Gradifi's seamless, easy-to-use platform helps organizations position themselves as an employer of choice by helping workers save money and assert control over their budget." About Earnest Earnest empowers people with the financial capital they need to live better lives. Using technology, data, and design to build affordable products, Earnest's lending products are built for a new generation seeking to reach life's milestones. The company understands every applicant's unique financial story to offer the lowest possible rates and radically flexible loan options for living life. www.earnest.com. About Gradifi Gradifi is an innovator in educational employee benefits for U.S. employers. Gradifi's mission is to help employers build loyalty with their workforce by providing employee benefits that positively impact their employees' financial well-being. Gradifi offers a single-platform solution to allow employers to offer employees student loan refinancing opportunities, and employer-sponsored contributions to student loans and 529 college savings plan accounts. A unit of First Republic (NYSE:FRC), Gradifi works with employers of all sizes across the U.S. www.gradifi.com. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180906005222/en/

Keywords for this news article include: Gradifi, Education, Student Loans, United States.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2018, NewsRx LLC

Document EDULTR0020180919ee9j00014




Business
Aussie Home Loans rebels over CBA spin-off plans - DATAROOM

EDITED BY BRIDGET CARTER AND SCOTT MURDOCH 
504 words
19 September 2018
The Australian
AUSTLN
Australian
20
English
© 2018 News Limited. All rights reserved. 

Commonwealth Bank's planned $8 billion demerger has struck trouble with Aussie Home Loans protesting against being part of the portfolio of assets that the bank is spinning off.

The deal remains on track to go ahead next year, but the process is understood to have become more difficult than expected and there are now questions over which parts of the business will be included in the final deal. CBA, the largest lender and bank by market capitalisation in Australia, announced in June that it would demerge its wealth management and mortgage broking businesses.

The wealth group will consist of Colonial First State, Colonial First State Global Asset Management and Count Financial. The decision to include Aussie Home loans in the spun-off business was instantly criticised by analysts, who believed it was put together with an odd set of assets. It is understood that Aussie Home Loans is deeply unhappy and has railed against the move.

The process is understood to have been strongly driven by CBA chairman Catherine Livingstone, who has taken charge of trying to repair the bank's reputational damage following the Austrac scandal and the royal commission.

The bank's incoming deputy chief executive, David Cohen, has oversight of the demerger and had been touted as a potential chief executive of the spun-off business. However, sources say that is now unlikely. CFS Global Asset Management chief executive Mark Lazberger is understood to be keen on leading the new business and has flagged his interest. A second leading internal candidate was thought to have been Michael Venter, the bank's current chief operating officer of its wealth management business, but that prospect is starting to be downplayed.

One option open to CBA is separating Aussie Home Loans and its 20 per cent stake in Mortgage Choice from the demerged entity and working on a sale of the two assets. The plan is being considered now by CBA and UBS, which devised the demerger plan and presented it to the bank's board.

During reporting season, CBA published the financial details of the demerged group - known as NewCo - for the first time for investors, who will receive stock in the group. The wealth management and mortgage broking company had a pro-forma cash profit of about $568 million in the 2018 financial year, up 5 per cent on the same time last year.

The business had about 2850 jobs at the end of June, down from 3000 a year earlier. It is increasingly likely that a large number of those jobs will be cut as the final composition of the demerged company takes shape.The bank flagged that NewCo would have the "opportunity to make investment decisions to drive growth", which was interpreted as keeping the option open to offload some divisions. NewCo's total operating income in 2018 was $2.046bn, up from $1.73bn, and the net tangible assets were valued at $883m.

Document AUSTLN0020180918ee9j00036




Money
YOU'VE BEAN HAD Cost of high street coffee rockets 20 per cent - despite beans falling to cheapest price in seven years

By Annabel Murphy 
504 words
9 September 2018
07:27 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2018 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

High street coffee chains are profiting from customers as prices continue to rise

THE price of high street coffee has risen by 20 per cent despite the price of beans falling to their lowest price for seven years.

The coffee bean market has plummeted by 67 per cent since 2011, from £2.23 per pound to a low of 74p last month, according to research by the MoS.

The cost of a 'tall' cappuccino from Starbucks has risen from £2.15 to £2.60 as revealed by The Mail on Sunday.

Most high street coffee shops have adopted the 20 per cent increase despite the drop in production costs, according to industry experts Allegra.

Caffe Nero have raised the cost of their regular cappuccino to £2.70 - a 40p rise since 2011, Pret a Manger is charging £2.45 compared to £2.19 seven years ago and a 'primo' from Costa which used to cost £2.15 will now set you back £2.35.

The coffee giants have been accused of profiting at the expense of their customers and MPs have called for prices to drop.

Tory MP Charlie Elphicke said: "It leaves a bitter taste in the mouth. It's time the corporations passed on wholesale savings to consumers."

Caroline Flint from the Public Accounts Committee said: "British consumers have a right to ask why they aren't passing on the fall in price."

The UK high street coffee market is so profitable, it is now larger than Italy's, Allegra claims.

There are 24,000 coffee outlets and the amount being spent grows 7.3 per cent year on year.

An extreme contrast between the price of coffee beans and the cost of a high street coffee has been revealed after Coca-Cola bought Costa for £3.9 billion and German company JAB Holdings purchased Pret a Manger for £1.5 billion.

Coffee chains have profited from a global oversupply of coffee beans, which has caused its value to plummet.

Coffee Holdings, who owns Caffe Nero reported a profit of £2.6 million last year.

Meanwhile, the coffee chain has been criticised for paying less tax than expected on UK profits, as has Starbucks.

A Starbucks spokesperson said: "Many factors contribute to pricing decisions, including rents, labour, competition, distribution, commodities - and coffee."

A Costa spokesperson said: "The price of a cup of coffee does not simply reflect the cost of the beans."

A spokeswoman for Pret a Manger said: "Our coffee prices take into account the cost of our ingredients, as well as operational costs such as wages."We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . You can WhatsApp us on 07810 791 502. We pay for videos too. Click here to upload yours.

Document THESCOT020180909ee99001p7




Money
BA hack - what you need to do if you think you've been hit

By James Andrews 
504 words
7 September 2018
10:47 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2018 Mirror Group Ltd 

We now have official advice for anyone worried they might be caught up in BA's hack - this is what you need to do

For more than two weeks hackers stole data from anyone booking flights on British Airways' website.

The airline said the personal and financial details of customers who made bookings on its website or app from 10.58pm on August 21 until 9.45pm on September 5 had been compromised.

Hundreds of thousands of people are at risk, with experts calculating the stolen data is worth more than £20 million to criminals on the dark web.

"Financial information is extremely valuable and highly desirable," said Simon Migliano, head of research and cyber security expert at Top10VPN.com. "Credit card details can sell for £56.50 each.

"This means the value of the 380,000 hacked accounts on the dark web could be as much as £21.5million and it won't take long for word to get around."

British Airways hacked: Customers' data stolen in massive cyber-attack leaving 380,000 bank cards 'compromised'

If you're worried you're one of the people affected, the good news is that the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) has issued advice to worried travellers.

"We are aware of a data breach affecting British Airways (BA). We are working with partners to better understand this incident and how it has affected customers," an NCSC spokesperson said.

"The incident is thought to have affected some customers who made bookings on the BA website or app between August 21 and September 5, 2018. BA have reported that the compromised data includes names, email addresses and credit card information."

This is the NCSC's guidance for anyone who thinks they may have been affected:

If you've used the BA website or mobile application to purchase services while the data was at risk (21st Aug-5th Sept) we recommend that you contact your bank

Ensure your passwords are secure. If you have been affected you may want to consider changing passwords for key accounts such as banking. See  Cyber Aware's advice on creating a good password that you can remember, or read the NCSC's  blog post for help on using a password manager . You should also monitor your financial accounts for any suspicious transactions

If you receive any suspicious phone calls, emails or text messages then report these to  Action Fraud 

In general, it is advised you make use of  two-factor authentication (2FA) on important accounts - even SMS-based two-factor is better than none. The benefit of this is that even if someone does obtain an account password then they would still not be able to access due to this extra security measure

Now would also be a good time to check if your account has appeared in any other public data breaches. Visit  https://haveibeenpwned.com , enter your email address and go from there

Document MIRUK00020180907ee9700235




News
Welsh Water vows to cut bills by £22

SION BARRY 
504 words
4 September 2018
South Wales Echo
SOUWAL
1; National
12
English
© Western Mail and Echo Ltd, 2018. 

NOT-FOR-PROFIT water company Welsh Water has confirmed plans to cut household bills by £22 over the next fiveyear regulatory period.

Subject to its business plan for 2020-25 being approved by water industry regulator Ofwat, Welsh Water will also invest a £2.3bn investment in the business.

The proposed £22 reduction in average household bills is before inflation.

The business plan has been shaped by its biggest-ever customer engagement programme, with detailed input from 40,000 customers, and builds on the £2bn investment between 2015-20.

The process - undertaken every five years and known as PR19 - has resulted in an investment plan shaped by customers themselves, and prioritises balancing investment with keeping bills affordable, more support for its most vulnerable customers, and tackling some of the biggest challenges facing the company over the next three decades.

It follows the publication of the Welsh Water 2050 Vision, which details how the company will tackle challenges facing the delivery of its services over the next three decades including the consequences of climate change, population growth, ageing infrastructure, the growth of the digital economy and changing customer expectations.

Welsh Water chief executive Chris Jones said: "As a not-for-profit company, our customers' interests are at the heart of everything we do.

"The plans aim to strike the right balance between investment for the future and making sure bills remain affordable for customers today. With better service, more help for the vulnerable, increased investment and lower bills, we are confident that this plan offers even better value for money for our customers in the years ahead."

Glas Cymru chairman Alastair Lyons said: "This plan is the culmination of over two years' work and we would like to thank all those thousands of customers and other stakeholders who have contributed their views during this process to help make this the most customer-driven business plan Welsh Water has ever produced.

"We believe that this is an ambitious plan which represents both a material step forward in ensuring the resilience of the business against the challenges of the future and good value for customers for the next five years, and for generations to come."

Welsh Water's business has also been scrutinised by the independent Customer Challenge Group (CCG).

Its chairman Peter Davies said: "Our report demonstrates the scale of engagement the CCG has had with the company throughout the process of developing the plan. The plan has been influenced by customers and the contribution of the CCG throughout its development.

"It is the CCG's view that the company has been successful in securing an understanding of the representative views of its customer base, and that this evidence has been used to develop the performance commitments and customer bills in the business plan. The final acceptability testing demonstrates strong support for the plan that meets customers' expectations, representing improved value for money."

Fatboy Slim will play the Motorpoint in Cardiff next February MICHAEL LLOYD

Document SOUWAL0020180904ee9400015




Industry Expert Publishes White Paper Highlighting Effective Retirement Asset Protection Using Great American Life's Fee-Based Annuity

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
23 August 2018
Contify Insurance News
ATINNW
English
Copyright © 2018 Contify.com 

CINCINNATI, Aug. 23 -- Great American Life's Index Protector 7SM was the first fee-based fixed-indexed annuity to hit the market in 2016. And now, it's getting the attention of industry expert Dr. Wade Pfau, Ph.D., CFA and professor of retirement income.

Dr. Pfau recently published a white paper that explores the risks of traditional fixed income investments and sheds light on how Great American Life's fixed-indexed annuity can play a pivotal role in managing risk in pre-retirement years.

"Fixed-indexed annuities can function as an asset class within an accumulation portfolio to better manage downside risk, while still allowing participation in market upside," Pfau explained. "This can better set the stage for retirement and generate more lifetime retirement income from a given asset base."

Tony Compton, Great American Life Divisional Vice President of B/D and RIA Sales, says the low interest rate environment presents a unique challenge for today's investment advisors.

"Not only are advisors navigating lower fixed income returns, but also an equity market that's approaching all-time highs. This combination has many advisors looking for alternative solutions to help clients generate higher returns without taking on too much risk," Compton said. "We're honored to have an esteemed expert like Dr. Pfau recognize how our product can help fulfill the need."

Visit GreatAmericanRIA.com to access Dr. Pfau's white paper, along with a cutting-edge portfolio simulator tool and more resources that simplify the annuity experience for advisors and the clients they serve.

Great American Life Insurance Company is a member of Great American Insurance Group and is rated "A+" by Standard & Poor's and "A" (Excellent) by A.M. Best for financial strength and operating performance. For more information about Great American Life's offerings in the RIA market, please contact Donna Carrelli, Divisional Vice President, Marketing Services, 513-412-1518 or dcarrelli@gaig.com.

About Great American Insurance Group

The annuity operations of Great American Insurance Group (GAIG) offer retirement solutions through the sale of traditional fixed, fixed-indexed and variable-indexed annuities in the retail, broker-dealer, financial institutions and registered investment advisor markets. Annuity subsidiaries include Great American Life Insurance Company and Annuity Investors Life Insurance Company. GAIG's roots go back to 1872 with the founding of its flagship company, Great American Insurance Company. The members of GAIG are subsidiaries of American Financial Group, Inc. (AFG). AFG's common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AFG. AFG is a Fortune 500 Company with assets of $61 billion as of June 30, 2018. Learn more at GAIG.com.

S&P; rating affirmed February 23, 2018. "A+" is fifth highest of 21 categories. A.M. Best rating affirmed August 17, 2018. "A" (Excellent) is third highest out of 16 categories.

Source: Great American Insurance Group

Document ATINNW0020180824ee8n0005r




Pru scraps drawdown block after IFAs complain over product closure

Jack Gilbert 
504 words
13 August 2018
Citywire
CWIRE
English
(c) 2018 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved. 

M&G Prudential has reversed its decision to stop clients moving into drawdown after IFAs complained about the closure of its Flexible Retirement Plan.

Last month Prudential announced it was closing the Flexible Retirement Plan to new adviser business from 17 September. A document seen by New Model Adviser® said advisers would not be able to set up a new drawdown policy with the product's existing funds. At the time a spokesman for Prudential said clients who wanted to move into drawdown 'can talk to their advisers and switch into the Prudential Retirement Account'.

Following the announcement New Model Adviser® understands Prudential received a number of complaints from advisers who were unhappy with the product closure.

One adviser, who did not wish to be named, told New Model Adviser® he was unhappy as one of his clients in the Flexible Retirement Plan was about to move into drawdown but would have to receive advice about which alternative drawdown policy to move to.

This advice would involve a suitability report which the client would have to pay for or else the adviser would have to absorb the cost themselves. This would be much more costly than a drawdown conversion, the adviser said.

New Model Adviser® understands a number of advisers complained to the provider about this issue and some even asked Prudential to cover the cost of the advice.

However, a spokesman for Prudential confirmed the provider has now reversed the decision to stop clients moving into drawdown within the Flexible Retirement Plan.

'The Flexible Retirement Plan will still close to new business and top-ups next month, however where an adviser has a client that has been looking into drawdown, they will still have the option to use the Flexible Retirement Plan drawdown if they feel it is the best option,' the spokesman said.

This decision to allow clients to move into drawdown within the product was communicated to advisers at the end of last week.

The cost of advice

Nathan Fryer, director of paraplanning firm Plan Works, said if Pru had gone through with the plans to stop clients moving into drawdown in the Flexible Retirement Plan then advisers would have to produce a suitability report in accordance with Cobs 9.4.1 of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) handbook.

If the firm was independent this would have to involve comparing the new drawdown plan with the whole of the market again to make sure an alternative Pru product is the most suitable, Fryer said.

He estimated that to do a personal pension switch for an existing client it costs on average £1,150 in time based on: adviser review of existing scheme and a plan of action (two hours); paraplanner report and research (six hours); meeting and documents signed (one-and-a half hours); process applications and implement (one hour).

'That is my estimate of a very broad pricing structure based on the paraplanner, admin and advice,' he said.

Document CWIRE00020180813ee8d0002u




News
The price is right for a fight when it's $900m

Lucy Hughes Jones 
504 words
7 August 2018
Daily Telegraph
DAITEL
Telegraph
7
English
Copyright 2018 News Ltd. All Rights Reserved 

Dementia claim in mogul estate case

REG Grundy's estranged daughter claims the media mogul was suffering from Alzheimer's disease when making arrangements to bequeath his massive fortune.

Kim Robin Grundy, now known as Viola La Valette, appeared in the NSW Supreme Court yesterday, seeking access to documents about her father's mental capacity and the extent of his wealth before his death in 2016.

Ms La Valette is contesting his will and has been fighting his widow Joy Chambers-Grundy, who inherited his estate, believed by his daughter to be worth more than $900 million.

Her barrister Michael Meek SC said Mr Grundy, creator of TV game shows Wheel Of Fortune and The Price Is Right, owned a stack of offshore companies registered in Bermuda, Antigua, the British Virgin Islands and the United States.

He said the couple also owned Cantilever, a Bermuda-based entity listed in the Paradise Papers - the largest leak in history into the tax haven industry.

Mr Meek said the pioneering tycoon suffered "Alzheimer's disease and cognitive impairment" before he died.

"Six weeks prior to the deceased's death there was a settlement in which the entire proceeds of that trust was given to (the wife)," he said. "It was set up to fund the provisions under the will. We were told that there were no assets anywhere in the world to fund the provisions under that will." Mr Meek said Ms La Valette, the daughter from his first marriage, and Mrs Chambers-Grundy, his second wife, attempted mediation in July but that's now "dead and buried".

Chris Harris SC, for Mrs Chambers-Grundy, a former Logie Award-winning actor, confirmed on Monday that her late husband's overseas assets are worth $800 million. He also claimed Mr Grundy's NSW assets are worth an additional $71 million, but noted the daughter's valuation is double that.

Mr Harris told the court it was possible Ms La Valette could seek to have the will declared invalid and substituted by a previous version that gives her "significantly greater benefits".

Ms La Valette believes she has been left shortchanged by her father and is seeking tens of millions of dollars in addition to an existing $250,000 annuity.

She cut off all contact with Mr Grundy 22 years before his death, but the heartbroken dad continued to give her money.

The exact value of the intensely private titan's fortune has been hotly contested in the lawsuit, with Mrs Chambers-Grundy making concessions only following subpoenas from her stepdaughter.

The former actor and model claimed her husband died without any assets but during February proceedings she conceded he had a net value of about $214 million.The dispute returns to court on August 19. A former sports broadcaster, Grundy reinvented himself as a TV game show host and then created a global TV production empire, with multiple hit shows including Neighbours and Prisoner.

Document DAITEL0020180806ee8700055




MIL-OSI USA: LaHood proposes pro-growth solution to tackling student loan debt

504 words
2 August 2018
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2018.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved. 

Source: United States House of Representatives - Representative Darin LaHood (18th District of Illinois)

A newly introduced bipartisan proposal offered by U.S. Rep. Darin LaHood (R-IL) would put student loan payments on par with how foundations make scholarship payments under the U.S. tax code.

"This bipartisan legislation will not only help recruit talent to often underserved areas and professions, relieve individuals of student loan debt, and help foster economic development to particular regions, but charitable organizations will be provided greater flexibility to serve their unique communities," said Rep. LaHood.

The Workforce Development Through Post-Graduation Scholarships Act of 2018, H.R. 6486, would amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain post-graduation scholarship grants from gross income in the same manner as qualified scholarships to promote economic growth, according to the bill's draft text.

"With this amendment to the tax code, foundations and charitable organizations across the 18th District will be able to attract greater talent and reward professionals for committing to their local communities," the congressman added.

Post-graduation scholarships, according to the congressman's office, are charitable grants that foundations would make to attract a skilled workforce that's needed in a particular region. For example, a foundation that seeks to bring nurses or doctors to a community with a shortage of skilled medical professionals could award a post-graduation scholarship, but require that award winners live and work within a certain range of zip codes for a set number of years. In turn, the post-graduation scholarships would be used to pay off a portion of the award recipient's student loans.

U.S. Rep. Terri Sewell (D-AL), the original cosponsor of H.R. 6486, pointed out that rural hospitals, in particular, often struggle to recruit medical professionals. Thus, programs such as what's proposed under the bill "are a critical pipeline of talent."

H.R. 6486 "takes a smart approach to building a skilled workforce in underserved communities while at the same time tackling our nation's student debt crisis," Rep. Sewell added.

Gene Cochrane, interim president and CEO of the Council on Foundations, said H.R. 6486 is long overdue because communities have been unable to retain skilled professionals "to fill the most-needed jobs."

"Philanthropic organizations have been wanting to help," said Cochrane. "This legislation gives foundations a much-needed tool to assist loan-burdened graduates and communities who need their skills."

Josh Gibb, president and CEO of the Galesburg Community Foundation in Galesburg, Illinois, agreed and noted that in 2017, Illinois had the largest 'out migration' of skilled professionals of any state in the nation.

"Post-graduation scholarships are a win-win, because not only do the recipients benefit, but so do our communities, our employers and the people who call our communities home," Gibb said.

H.R. 6486 has been referred to the U.S. House Ways and Means Committee for consideration.

MIL OSI USA News -

Document PARALL0020180803ee82000m6




Heard on the Street
Markets
Trump's Narrow Window for Trade Wins in China; U.S. leverage in its trade dispute with China may be close to its peak

By Nathaniel Taplin 
504 words
3 August 2018
06:43 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2018 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Corrections & Amplifications

Jean-Claude Juncker is president of the European Commission. An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated he is president of the European Union. (Aug. 2, 2018)

Right now U.S. leverage over China on trade looks strong, but the advantage may not last long.

U.S. President Donald Trump is considering much higher tariffs on Chinese imports than previously outlined-25% on the next $200 billion tranche of goods, rather than 10%. This reflects confidence in the U.S. negotiating position following news that the local economy is growing briskly while China's is weakening. Mr. Trump also reached a detente with Europe in last week's meeting with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, isolating China.

This could be as good as it gets for the White House. Chinese policy makers are moving more aggressively than expected to stimulate borrowing and spending. Given the usual two to three quarter lag before that shows up in growth numbers, any breakthroughs that could favor U.S. companies-such as a more open environment for foreign investment and tighter protection of intellectual property-may skitter away if they aren't nailed down in the next nine months.

To see how quickly the policy picture is evolving in China, look at money-market rates. Weaning small banks off their dangerous dependence on short-term interbank borrowing was a key goal of China's recent push to deleverage the economy. From mid-2016 to mid-2017, overnight borrowing rates rose by nearly a percentage point.

Now those rates are dropping fast, as policy makers worry that expensive bank funding is crimping small business lending, which smaller banks dominate. Weighted average bond-backed one-day borrowing rates, which were averaging 2.5% in June, closed below 2% on Wednesday. One-day bond repo volumes have skyrocketed, notching a new monthly high in July following steep falls in late 2016 and early 2017 during the height of the deleveraging push.

Banks are also receiving informal guidance from the People's Bank of China to step up corporate lending. The central bank has reportedly eased capital-adequacy requirements for certain banks, which will make it easier to boost loan growth.

On the U.S. side, salad days of 4% growth and 2% inflation look hard to sustain. The Labor Department's quarterly survey showed that civilian workers got their biggest pay increase in close to a decade over the year through June. Consumer price inflation, already hovering around the Federal Reserve's target of 2%, may not be far behind. And the next tranche of threatened tariffs will hit industries that China dominates, meaning finding alternative suppliers to alleviate an upward squeeze on prices will be tougher. China supplies over 50% of U.S. imports across the affected sectors, according to Capital Economics.

President Trump's window for a favorable deal with China is a narrow one. Investors should look for breakthroughs by early 2019-or not at all.

Write to Nathaniel Taplin at nathaniel.taplin@wsj.com

Document WSJO000020180802ee82001jl




Money
OH BABY Boots is having a MASSIVE sale on baby items with prices starting at just 87p

By Zlata Rodionova, Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
3 August 2018
01:51 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2018 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

Mums and dads can save money on essential items such as nappies, baby wash, bath products, moisturisers, feeding bottles and more

BOOTS has launched a huge baby sale with hundreds of products on offer and prices start at just 87p.

Mums and dads can save money on essential items such as nappies, baby wash, food, bath products, moisturisers, feeding bottles, toys and more.

The sale is running online and in stores until the end of August[/caption]

As always the promotion include some of the retailer's most popular brands like Tommee Tippe, Pampers, Huggies and Dove.

Parents can pick up a box of 12 pack of Huggies pure baby wipes for £6 instead of £10.50.

Boots is selling two packs of 36 Premium Pampers nappies - worth £6 each - for £9.

Shoppers can also 30 per cent on Tomme Tippee's closer to nature bottles, now selling for £7.99 instead of £11.99.

While Johnson's popular extra sensitive baby wipes are selling for as little as 87p down from £1.30 for a 56 pack.

Nappy comparison website Bumdeal.co.uk is a nifty website that allows parents to compare prices, depending on the brand and nappy size.

liYou can also use grocery comparison website mySupermarket.com to see how much they cost at your chosen supermarket - and if you can save money by shopping elsewhere.

liIt also allows you to view the historical price, so you'll know whether their current price is more expensive than they are usually sold for and whether you're getting a good deal.

liBuy in bulk when they are on offer to reduce your costs - but beware of buying too much in one size (especially newborn) as your baby may outgrow them sooner than you expect

And, there can be whopping 50 per cent savings made on Johnson's baby cream with most of them selling for less than £1.50.

The sale also include food product from Ella's Kitchen, baby Dove shampoos and a range of toys for toddlers.

The sale will be running online and in stores until August 28 - although it's usually very popular, so we would advise you to be quick.

Remember to always compare prices online before heading to the shops to make sure you're getting a good deal.

Tesco launched a sale across a large range of baby products with discounts of up to 50 per cent last week, so it's worth checking what it has on offer.

Which? last year found that parents could save £39 - almost half the amount - by downgrading to supermarket-own brand nappies with parents claiming they work even better than big name brands.

Below we've picked out some of the best offers you can find in their current Boots promotion:

Tommee Tippee Closer to Nature Bottles 340ml 2 Pack

Tommee Tippee Manual Breast Pump

Document THESCOT020180802ee82004mt




Raleigh comes in at no. 4 for cities with most student loan debt, according to study

504 words
31 July 2018
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2018, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Duke University ; Durham, NC - news

By Kathryn Silberstein

As one of the three cornerstone cities of the Research Triangle, Raleigh draws a heavy population of young graduates in search of work-and with that, a large number of those who owe student loans.

Raleigh is fourth in line for the title of "Places that Owe the Most in Student Loans," boasting 9 percent of residents who owe over $100,000 and a median balance owed of $21,357, according to a 2018 study conducted by LendingTree.

However, the study emphasized that with 44 percent of residents holding bachelor's degrees or higher-compared to a national total of 30 percent-the number of residents facing student loans is not surprising.

Alison Rabil, assistant vice provost and director of undergraduate financial aid at Duke, emphasized the disproportionate number of students present in the area.

The volume of students itself might be a factor, she explained.

With a sticker-price tuition of $55,960 per year, a Duke University undergraduate education is a large investment, and one might expect Duke students' debt to elevate the regional average as a result. However, Rabil noted, the University is dedicated to ensuring that is not the case.

"Our average debt runs about $20,000 per student, which is less than the average at [the University of North Carolina]. Just because our sticker price is higher doesn't mean our average borrowing is higher," Rabil said.

The $20,000 figure comes in below Raleigh's median balance and the national average debt of $37,172 per student loan borrower.

Rabil also explained that Duke's label as an elite institution might be deceiving to students and parents considering what type of school could offer the most cost-effective education. She noted that Duke's "elite" status translates to elite types of programs and opportunities available, not necessarily a prohibitively expensive education for most students.

Although LendingTree did not specify whether students' debt was attributable to undergraduate or post-graduate education, Rabil suggested that a larger proportion than most people might understand actually comes from graduate school.

"In-state residents might borrow $150,000 to go to law school at UNC," Rabil said. "Graduate programs don't have aid or reduced tuition figures like undergraduate programs."

She noted that in the past, the amount of debt that graduate students would accumulate during medical, law, business or other graduate school programs was proportional to the salaries they could earn immediately after completing their educations. However, this is not necessarily the case in today's economic environment.

"Before 2008, graduated students could command jobs with huge salaries and pay off [their loans] in a few years, but those jobs are not out there in the same quantities anymore," Rabil said. "It's a financing model that was real 10 years ago so debt levels were not so scary."

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020180731ee7v000jt




Third Circuit Upholds Foreclosure Sale Against Preference Attack

Joseph Esmont 
504 words
26 July 2018
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2018 Mondaq Ltd 

On July 19, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals entered a decision upholding the results of a foreclosure sale against a debtor's allegation that the sale was a preference because the bankruptcy estate could have sold the property for a higher price. Veltre v. Fifth Third Bank (In re Veltre), Case No. 17-2889 (3d Cir. July 19, 2018).

Veltre's home was encumbered by two mortgages prior to her bankruptcy; a senior mortgage in favor of Capital One Bank and a second mortgage held by another bank. Veltre defaulted on her loan, at which point the first lienholder foreclosed and the property went to sheriff's sale. At the sale, the second lienholder purchased the home at auction for $90,000, which paid off the first mortgage in full.

Veltre later filed for bankruptcy and sued to avoid the foreclosure sale as a preferential transfer to the second lienholder. Among other things, this required her to show that the second lienholder received more than it would have in a Chapter 7 liquidation. Veltre's theory was that the foreclosure sale suppressed the price of the real estate, and that in Chapter 7, the home would have sold for a greater amount. Thus, the second lienholder received a better deal in the foreclosure sale than it would have in bankruptcy. Veltre did not allege that the foreclosure sale was collusive or that it failed to comply with state law.

The Bankruptcy Court dismissed Veltre's suit, concluding as a matter of law that a properly conducted, non-collusive sheriff's sale is not a preference. The District Court affirmed. So did the Third Circuit.

The Third Circuit recognized that "the Bankruptcy Code is ambiguous as to a foreclosed property's value." Slip Op. at p. 4. However, it applied a Pennsylvania state-law presumption that the price received at a properly conducted foreclosure sale is the highest and best price obtainable. Since the foreclosure sale was presumptively the best price that the estate could receive, the court could not conclude that a bankruptcy process would have returned more value to the estate as a matter of law.

This decision will help provide certainty for foreclosure sales, at least in states where duly performed foreclosures carry a similar presumption that they returned the highest and best value. However, it is also a reminder for both foreclosing entities and foreclosure sale buyers of the critical importance of ensuring that the foreclosure sale complied with applicable law, without which the second lienholder may have been required to litigate whether its foreclosure purchase returned an actual market value.

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Mr Joseph Esmont

BakerHostetler

E-mail: mkohuth@bakerlaw.com

URL: www.bakerlaw.com

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2018 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020180726ee7q000cx




One of the biggest retirement mistakes investors are making

Margarida Correia 
504 words
18 July 2018
Employee Benefit News Online
EBNO
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2018 Employee Benefit News and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

One of the biggest - and often costliest - retirement mistakes investors are making today

Many retirement investors are including target-date funds in their 401(k) plans, but this strategy may not be a smart move, according to this article on CNBC. Some experts believe that this approach will prevent them from accounting for their life expectancy, risk tolerance, income changes and other factors. "Although they have substantial benefits, target-date funds ultimately provide too much of a cookie-cutter approach to asset allocation," says a financial planner.

6 portfolio to-do's for retirees at midyear

The midyear is a great time for retirees to make financial moves in their portfolio, according to this article on Morningstar. For example, they may want to check their year-to-date withdrawal rate and account for the tax bite to determine if it is sustainable. Retirees should also consider an IRA conversion as it will trigger a lower tax bill under the new tax law and enable them to boost after-tax income in retirement. Having an action plan for required minimum distributions is also recommended, reinvesting the withdrawn amount they don't need in a taxable account.

Bull or bear market - who cares? With the right portfolio, it shouldn't matter

Investors need not worry about how market volatility will affect their portfolio if they have a strong investment plan in place, writes an expert on Kiplinger. This means that they diversify their portfolio by including other options, such as real estate, commodities and hedge funds. They should also determine their tolerance for risks and define their purpose for their investments, writes the expert. "If your portfolio is designed and implemented specifically for you - and is consistent with your financial situation, your needs and your personality - you should be able to ride out the market's ups and down without letting emotions get the better of you."

Social Security: What to know, what to expect, how to make it better

Although Social Security will stay, the program faces financial woes that can lead to reduced retirement benefits in the future, according to this article on MarketWatch. While there are possible ways to fix the program, lawmakers are still not working on a solution. While some seniors contemplate on filing early, delaying the benefits remains a better strategy as it will boost the benefit payments, says an expert. "There's every reason to wait if you can."

I am my parents' retirement - how this affects my savings strategy

An expert says that her parents retired without a plan and savings, forcing her and her siblings to support their elders through the golden years, according to this article on Yahoo Finance. Because of this, "I'm extremely conscious about my retirement and long-term investment goals," writes the expert. "I carefully plan, save and earn extra income. I am mindful of both spending and saving."

Document EBNO000020180718ee7i0008d




ACCC takes power company to court for dodgy discount

Cole Latimer 
504 words
9 July 2018
09:03 PM
BrisbaneTimes.com.au
BRSBTM
English
Copyright © 2018 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited. www.brisbanetimes.com.au. Not available for redistribution 

Power retailer Click Energy tried to confuse consumers into accepting "discounts" that would charge electricity at higher rates than its regular prices, the consumer watchdog has claimed in a case it says tackles the worst instances of energy bill deception it has seen.

The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission on Monday announced that it had begun proceedings against Click Energy's parent company Amaysim, claiming it was directly in breach of consumer law and made false or misleading marketing claims about its electricity discounts.

Click claimed, between October 2017 and March 2018, that under its offer consumers in Victoria and Queensland could get discounts of between 7 and 29 per cent off their bill if they paid on time.

The ACCC said these figures were designed to bamboozle customers and were misleading as the discounts applied to Click's market rate, which was higher than basic offers on the market.

ACCC chairman Rod Sims told Fairfax Media that while this was not the first time it has taken a retailer to court over poor discounting practices, "this is more serious than most."

"The advertised savings were based on the amount a consumer could save with Click Energy by paying on time, and not on any estimate of savings a consumer switching from another retailer would obtain," Mr Sims said.

"We believe that Click Energy's conduct is among the worst practices we see in retail electricity marketing.

"We allege that consumers were misled about discounts and savings, with some consumers not getting any discount or savings at all."

Click also allegedly claimed customers could save a certain amount if they switched electricity retailers, which the ACCC said was wrong.

"We allege is false or misleading as they had no proper basis for these representations," the ACCC said.

The penalty for each breach of the consumer law is around $1.1 million.

Mr Sims said it is disappointing discount practices such as these are still happening, despite heavy fines being levied against other retailers.

"The retail electricity market is too complex and opaque. Customers need to trust that discounts and savings advertised by retailers are accurate so they can make informed choices about which products are best for them."

Earlier this year the Australian Energy Market Commission announced stronger rules designed to stop the practice of retailers offering what it called "pseudo-discount deals that leave consumers worse off".

These rules are designed specifically to counter retailers inflating the base rate from which they applied a discount, to make discounts appear bigger than they were, which is what Click is alleged to have done.

Federal Environment and Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg said retailers are being put on notice over poor discounting practices.

"Big discounts on an energy offer can seem very attractive, but if the discount is only available because the price of energy is artificially inflated, the consumer can end up worse off," Mr Frydenberg said.

Click Energy has been approached for comment.

Document BRSBTM0020180711ee79000rj




Martin Lewis reveals REAL reason you have to show boarding pass at airport shops

Sophie Roberts 
504 words
2 July 2018
11:45 PM
dailystar.co.uk
DAICO
English
Copyright 2018 

MONEY Saving Expert Martin Lewis issued some travel advice on ITV's This Morning.

GETTY

TRAVEL HACKS: You don't always need to show your boarding pass in airport shops

Many holidaymakers are enticed by airport deals and promotions.

While it is possible to get a tax free bargain, some stores charge travellers inflated prices.

Consumers must hand over their boarding passes in duty free - but there are instances where you can swerve doing so.

On a This Morning segment, Martin Lewis spoke about the common travel misconception.

The Money Saving Expert founder told the ITV show: "You do need to show when buying anything in a Duty Free shop - even if it isn't alcohol or tobacco.

"You're potentially being exempted from duty, so HMRC needs to know where you are flying to, regardless of what you're buying. So if they ask don't resist."

This information is also available on the HMRC website, which explains: "Duty-free shops can sell goods where the excise, customs duty or VAT has been suspended, usually alcohol and tobacco.

"Sales in duty-free shops are tightly controlled and HMRC requires these outlets to know where the passenger is travelling to before completing a sale."

Boeing 787 Dreamliner private jet pictures

But while holidaymakers are required to show their boarding details in duty free, this doesn't mean you must in all airport shops.

Some stores that don't offer VAT-free products may still ask to see your booking information.

This allows them to make more of a profit on your purchases - as they can claim back the tax.

In these instances, you are not required to hand over your passes.

Martin Lewis said: "In other airport shops, you don't need to show your boarding pass, even though they often push you to do so.

"Many people are rude to duty free staff over this confusion. The reason for this is if you're travelling outside of the EU they can claim the VAT back?

"I was involved in campaigning for people not to show boarding passes in these shops, unless they split some of that gain.

"Some now do - to an extent. For example in WH Smiths if you're going outside the EU and are buying an individual item costing over £6 you get the VAT back, in Boots it's over £5."

The weirdest things that have been found on flights passenger shaming funny viral in pictures

This isn't the only travel advice Martin Lewis has issued in recent months.

Previously, the money expert revealed the best way to bag cheap flights.

The savvy consumer also showed how to claim back money for delays and cancellations.

Related articles Ryanair launches holidays MEGA sale - flights start at just £6.99 Body confident tourists STRIP OFF by waterfalls in latest naked travel trend How to make your plane food taste DELICIOUS in seconds - celebrity chef reveals all

Document DAICO00020180702ee72003bh




Money
IN A JAM Best and worst car hire firms for queues at rental desk revealed

By Tara Evans, Digital Consumer Editor 
504 words
2 July 2018
10:22 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2018 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

The research shows the importance of choosing a firm which is known for customer service and not necessarily the cheapest on offer

MORE than a quarter of customers booking with car hire firm budget were left waiting at the rental desk for more than half an hour before picking up their car, according to new research.

In comparisons, 90 per cent of small car hire firm Alamo were behind the wheel and en route to their accommodation within 30 minute of arriving, according to Which?.

The research - which is based on more than 2,000 car hire experiences last year - shows the importance of choosing a firm which is known for customer service and not necessarily the cheapest on offer.

Around 63 per cent of customers renting with Goldcar (which is owned by Europcar) had to wait longer than 15 minutes to pick up their car, with 9 per cent waiting longer than an hour.

Hertz's low-cost brand Firefly made 28 per cent of customers wait longer than an hour.

Customers said that the reasons for the long queues were "persistent up-selling of extras, such as insurance, regardless of how many people were waiting", as well as lack of staff at busy times, according to Which?.

Last week, car hire firm Green Motion was banned from comparison website Holiday Autos due to a spike in customer complaints.

In March, this newspaper revealed how Hertz is charging holidaymakers £375 for 12 minute drive at one airport.

The Competition and Markets Authority is currently investigating three unnamed car hire comparison websites over hidden charges.

liCar hire excess insurance: Buy a standalone policy rather than one at the rental desk, and save around £15-20 a day

liTo avoid any unexpected extra charges, document any scratches or dents in the vehicle with pictures and make sure the staff take a note of everything - otherwise you could face a higher-than-expected bill once you're back home

liBring your own child car seats, or face having to pay £50 for the rental firm's ones. Some airlines, such as Monarch allow parents to bring car seats free of charge

liKeep an eye on your credit card statement to check that the firm hasn't added on any excess charges

liIf you have a complaint about a car rental firm, you need to tell them directly first. If they don't address the problem within 14 days, it may be possible to use a free service provided by The European Car Conciliation Service (ECRCS) which helps resolve complaints about charges from vehicle rentals in Europe.We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516.Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESCOT020180702ee7200361


Opinion
Pension freedoms increased investors at risk in retirement

Emma Ann Hughes 
504 words
29 June 2018
07:54 PM
Financial Adviser - Magazine and Web Content
FADV
English
© 2018 Financial Adviser 

Pension freedoms delivered greater choice for the nation's savers in how they could opt to use their cash to fund retirement.

Rather than inspiring the vast majority of the nation to increase their knowledge of retirement income options, pension freedoms has created a growing number of people unable to afford advice from those who could assist them to achieve their retirement dreams.

It has created a growing number of people who are overwhelmed by what they now have to navigate when it comes to looking at their pension pots and figuring out how to make it last a lifetime.

It is deeply concerning that the FCA's research, published yesterday (28 June) shows that so many people are totally clueless about how their retirement savings pot is being invested. 

What is clear from the FCA's research is retirees cannot rely on cash to protect them against the potentially damaging impact of inflation.

Investors going into income drawdown face a wide range of investment risks which differ significantly from those they face when they are building up their pension pot during the accumulation stage.

In accumulation, Quilter's multi-asset head of investments Anthony Gillham, notes "the usual ups and downs in the market present opportunities to 'buy the dip' to build up positions in assets you like.

"In total contrast a more volatile portfolio can be rapidly depleted where investors are taking retirement income during a downturn in the market. This is because the benefits of pound cost averaging are experienced in reverse during drawdown, with 'pound cost ravaging' eating away at pension pots on the downside."

Around a third of non-advised customers were found by the FCA to be in cash or near-cash assets, which won't provide the long-term growth required to preserve spending power throughout an individual's retirement lifecycle.

What is clear from the FCA's research is retirees cannot rely on cash to protect them against the potentially damaging impact of inflation, or their own investment knowledge to maximise their pots to ensure they last well into later life.

The FCA's latest research makes it clear what is needed is financial advice for all of those facing the uncertainty about what they should do with their pension pots.

This week the FCA also confirmed how it plans to review the effectiveness of the recommendations made as part of the Financial Advice Market Review, which was tasked with tackling the financial advice gap.

The FCA shouldn't waste its money on a review - anyone with functioning eyes can see the Financial Advice Market Review's robo-advice agenda push has failed to bring fresh human blood to this market.

What was needed from the Financial Advice Market Review to attract fresh blood to this industry was regulatory reform that means advisers don't have to fear more than two mistakes on pension transfers could send them bust.

emma.hughes@ft.com

Document FADV000020180629ee6t0008d




Money,Personal finance
How family with pre-existing medical conditions found incredible travel insurance cover to go on dream holiday

By Mirror .co.uk 
504 words
29 June 2018
11:08 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2018 Mirror Group Ltd 

Travel insurance was becoming prohibitively expensive for the family

Nurse Nicola Hague had a devastating stroke at just 18 years-old, which could have left her permanently paralysed or worse.

She was diagnosed with 'Bi Ventricular Cardio Myopathy', and needed a heart transplant. A donor was found and the surgery successful, but a few years later Nicola suffered kidney failure.

With her brother a match, she underwent a second transplant, this time for a new kidney.

Twelve years' later and now in her late 30s, she is well and leading a full and active life, despite a few medical complications. She is a staff nurse at a hospital in Liverpool and loves to travel.

Why your holiday will be a lot safer from Sunday - the new rules to protect you if your travel agent collapses

Travel insurance was becoming prohibitively expensive for the family. Not only did they have Nicola's medical history to contend with, but also Nicola's mum Denise has had cancer and her father Michael has suffered two heart attacks, undergoing a triple bypass after the second.

They believed flying was out of the question but dreamed of going to Florida. At a local clinic, Nicola was recommended to try AllClear Travel. The family was amazed to discover that AllClear was able to halve the policy costs quoted by other specialist providers.

The whole family is now insured through AllClear and Michael says the company will always be their first port of call:

"Our coming trip to Florida demonstrates the money we are able to save. It has proved to us that despite such serious medical complications we can still enjoy holidays like everyone else."

Nicola adds that she would recommend AllClear to anyone, and not only transplant patients: "AllClear is able to provide very reasonable prices for all medical conditions. We've thankfully never had to claim, but would never think about going abroad, especially to America, without travel insurance. The cost of emergency treatment in America could run in to six figures and that doesn't bear thinking about.

"We are eternally grateful to the transplant team at St George's Hospital London, who are the reason I'm still here. I am over the moon to be able to travel and thankful for the fabulous service received from AllClear."

Chris Rolland, CEO at AllClear, said "Everyone deserves the right to travel and having medical conditions shouldn't make you uninsurable. We're delighted we can help the Hague family get the cover they need, at a reasonable price."

You can enjoy 20% off the base price^ on AllClear Gold and Gold Plus policies. Call 0800 848 8688 or visit allcleartravel.co.uk/offerand use Promo Code READER20.

^Discount applies to base premium only and does not apply to any premium generated to cover medical conditions. Offer expires 23.59 on 02/07/18.

Document MIRUK00020180629ee6t002gy


 WSJ Wealth Adviser Briefing: Retirement Planning, SEC Probe, Doctors and Guns; Curated news and analysis for wealth advisers and their...
WSJ Blogs, 08:10 PM, 26 June 2018, 504 words, By WSJ Staff, (English)
Low incomes, paltry savings, high debt burdens, broken family structures, failed insurance-the U.S. is upending decades of progress in securing life's final chapter, writes Heather Gillers, Anne Tergesen and Leslie Scism. According to a ...
Document WCWSJB0020180626ee6q0005l

Public pensions need to consider that beneficiaries are living longer

Margarida Correia 
504 words
18 June 2018
Employee Benefit Adviser
EBNADV
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2018 Employee Benefit Adviser and SourceMedia, Inc.    All rights reserved. 

Our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be thinking about.

Public pensions need to consider that beneficiaries are living longer

Increased longevity of workers prompted the IRS to release in December new actuarial tables requiring private pension plans to adjust their mortality assumption, writes a Forbes contributor. Public pensions should also follow suit, writes the expert. "Unfortunately, these regulations do not apply to state and local public pensions. As such, public pension plans continue to bury their heads in the sand living in a time warp of decades-old actuarial assumptions."

Better than bonds? A look at uncapped fixed index annuities

Uncapped fixed index annuities can be a good alternative to bonds for investors looking for safer investments as they get close to retirement, according to this article on Kiplinger. That's because unlike bonds, these financial products do not suffer losses amid rising interest rates, and they have other advantages such as tax-deferral in retirement accounts and sustainable lifetime income with a rider offering. "Conventional wisdom has most investors de-risking their portfolios by allocating more heavily to bonds as they approach retirement... In this low-interest-rate environment, complacency can be a danger to investors' futures," says an expert.

5 retirement-planning blind spots

Market risk, inflation and taxes are among the blind spots that can throw seniors off the track for a comfortable retirement, writes Morningstar's Christine Benz. Healthcare, long-term care costs as well as unexpected expenses can also bring unpleasant outcome for retirees, writes the expert. "Before you pull the rip cord and start relying on your portfolio--rather than your salary--for living expenses, it's wise to make sure you're not missing anything on the financial front."

What is a backdoor Roth IRA?

An expert says that although a Roth IRA has income qualification limits, high income investors have the option of using the backdoor Roth strategy to contribute to the account, according to this article on Fox Business. However, consulting an accountant or a tax professional is recommended, as the strategy could trigger a tax event, explains the expert. "If the investor is still working and earns uneven income from one year to the next, they can potentially take advantage of the 'lean' years to convert a higher balance to Roth since they may be in a lower tax bracket. Further, the investor can 'spread' the tax burden across years by converting in stages rather than all at once."

Here's how Social Security generated $1 trillion in income last year

Although a report from Social Security Board of Trustees shows that its asset reserves will be depleted by 2034, the program has other sources of revenue to pay its benefit obligations, according to this article on Motley Fool. In fact, the report shows that Social Security generated $996.6 billion in income last year, thanks to payroll taxes, taxes on the benefits and interest earnings from asset reserves.

Document EBNADV0020180618ee6i0005l




News
Most retirees' wealth is passed to children

Vicky Shaw 
504 words
14 June 2018
Birmingham Post
BMP
1; National
64
English
© 2018    Birmingham Post & Mail Ltd 

MOST wealth held by retired people is likely to be bequeathed to future generations rather than spent, research has found.

But younger generations may not actually see their inheritance until they are older themselves because people often pass their wealth to their surviving spouse before it filters down.

The study, which focused on England, found the bulk of retirees' wealth tends to stay intact - implying most of it will eventually be bequeathed to later generations.

In England, those approaching retirement aged 55 to 64 hold £185,000 in housing wealth and around £33,000 in other wealth excluding pensions, according to the research funded by the Institute For Fiscal Studies (IFS), Retirement Savings Consortium and the Economic and Social Research Council.

It found 80 per cent of over-50s are homeowners. It said based on current trends, the majority of home owners at age 50 would not be expected to move before they die. Meanwhile, around one in six of 55 to 64-year-olds own a second home. Researchers found the prevalence of second home ownership changes very little at age 70 and over, and increases slightly among those in their late 50s and 60s.

Financial wealth tends to be drawn down slowly, with the research suggesting that on average people will draw down just 31 per cent of net financial wealth between the ages of 70 and 90.

The research also looked at patterns of bequest giving.

It found that married people nearly always bequeath only to their spouse. And the surviving spouse most often bequeaths all of their assets to their children rather than sharing directly across multiple generations. This implies that inheritances will typically only be received at relatively older ages.

For example, someone currently aged 40 who was born to a 27-year-old mother and an older father might, on average, expect to receive a bequest from their parents at the age of 63. The research also said existing patterns might change in the future - for example if future retirees have lower pensions to live on than current pensioners, drawing larger sums from housing wealth may become more widespread.

Rowena Crawford, an associate director at IFS and author of a set of reports based on the research, said: "Older people do not draw on their wealth much during retirement. The majority of home owners do not move or access their housing wealth, and even financial wealth is drawn down only slowly.

"This means that most wealth held by retired people is likely to be bequeathed to future generations, rather than spent. "This will have implications for the level and distribution of resources among current working age individuals, particularly those with wealthy parents and few siblings. Given the increased freedom people now have over how they spend their pension wealth in retirement, carefully monitoring how the use of wealth evolves in future will be important, both for the living standards of the retirees themselves, and also for younger generations."

Document BMP0000020180614ee6e0002h


News
WEEKLY WRAP

504 words
11 June 2018
Pensions Expert
PENWEE
1; National
17
English
© 2018 Pensions Expert 

A round-up of the pensions industry stories published across the FT Group - from an investigation into the impact of IT blunders, to a demand for renminbi assets among institutional investors.

One in 10 open to cashing in whole pension FTAdviser: Around a tenth of the UK's adult population is open to cashing in their whole pension pot when they retire. Research from wealth manager Tilney found widespread uncertainty around the retirement people were looking for, with just 22 per cent saying they planned to stay invested, and 10 per cent planning to retire on an annuity. But 40 per cent said they had no idea what they would do with their pension when they retired, while 10 per cent said they would potentially use their pension freedoms to cash in the lot.

Highest earners face biggest growth in tax burden FT: Britain's highest earners paid 9 per cent more in income tax last year than the year before, according to analysis of HM Revenue & Customs data, a result of cuts to pension benefits introduced in 2016 by the then-chancellor George Osborne.Valuable tax breaks on pension savings were targeted by Osborne, who argued they were an inappropriate benefit for the UK's wealthiest.Those earning more than £150,000 paid £54.3bn in income tax in the 12 months to March, up from £50bn the previous year.

CALPERS joins push to bring more women into industry Fundfire: The California Public Employees' Retirement System, a group of asset managers and several Canadian public pensions are backing a CFA Institute initiative to boost the number of women in the investment industry. Allianz Global Investors, Natixis Investment Managers, Aviva and Generali, and a group of public pensions including the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan have pledged resources and expertise to the CFA plan to eliminate gender inequality in developing markets.

Renminbi assets in demand among institutions Ignites Asia: Demand for renminbi assets among public pensions, sovereign wealth funds and central banks will eclipse US dollardenominated assets in the next two years, according to a study by thinktank the Official Monetary and Financial Institutions Forum.The survey, which sought the opinions of 120 public sector investors that have a combined $11.6tn (£8.7tn) in assets under management, found that 18 per cent of respondents expect to increase their renminbi assets in the next 12 to 24 years.

City watchdog urged to investigate impact of IT blunders FT: The Financial Conduct Authority is being urged to investigate a series of IT failures that have caused hundreds of thousands of customers to be locked out of their bank accounts or not paid their pensions on time. Former FCA board member Mick McAteer made the call as customers and advisers complained about ongoing disruption caused by botched IT upgrades. About 6,000 savings, retirement and investment customers with pension provider Aviva could not complete trades or did not receive income payments after glitches with a platform upgrade.

Document PENWEE0020180611ee6b0000k




MIDDLETOWN MAN SENTENCED TO 4 YEARS IMPRISONMENT IN EMBEZZLEMENT CASE

504 words
8 June 2018
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2018. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

WILMINGTON, Del., June 8 -- The U.S. Department of Justice's U.S. Attorney's office for District of Delaware issued the following press release:

David C. Weiss, United States Attorney for the District of Delaware, announced today that Donald Rice, formerly of Middletown, was sentenced on May 29, 2018, by Chief U. S. District Court Judge Leonard P. Stark to 48 months imprisonment.

The sentencing came after Mr. Rice pleaded guilty on October 26, 2017 to two counts of wire fraud and one count of making false statements on tax returns.

In December 2012, Mr. Rice became the trustee for a trust established to liquidate the assets of a closely-held investment company. As part of the trust plan, Mr. Rice was responsible for maintaining the funds set aside to cover the anticipated taxes associated with the dissolution of the company. Instead, between January 2013 and January 2015, Mr. Rice diverted approximately $3 million into his personal accounts through a series of wire transfers and the deposit of a cashier's check. Mr. Rice then used this money for personal expenses, including the acquisition of several tax preparation franchises, a down payment on a new home, jewelry and a luxury vehicle. Federal law requires that all income, whether obtained legally or illegally be declared on tax returns. However, Mr. Rice failed to report the proceeds of his fraud on his tax return for 2013.

Mr. Rice also perpetrated a fraud against an elderly widow, and, after her death, her estate. While assisting this client with her "estate planning" in August 2011, Mr. Rice gained signature authority over her bank accounts and became executor of her estate. Following her death in March 2012, Mr. Rice wrote a series of checks to himself and his related business account, and liquidated a certificate of deposit for his personal use. In addition, Mr. Rice failed to notify a public pension system of his client's death and continued to collect and spend her pension payments until October 2013, approximately 18 months after her death. Through these actions Mr. Rice stole additional funds totaling approximately $120,000.

U.S. Attorney Weiss stated, "The defendant preyed upon people who placed their trust in him, victimizing companies and vulnerable senior citizens alike. His actions were unconscionable. Individuals like Mr. Rice who take advantage their positions and of vulnerable members of society should understand that their conduct will be uncovered and will be met with serious consequences. The sentence the Court imposed on Mr. Rice should send a clear signal to those thinking about abusing positions of trust and power."

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation and the FBI. It was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lesley Wolf. U.S. Attorney Weiss thanked the investigators for their excellent work in pursuing this investigation.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at content.services@htlive.com 

Document INDFED0020180609ee6800093


Lawsuit Seeks to Halt Rollout of California Secure Choice Savings

John Manganaro 
504 words
1 June 2018
Plan Adviser
PLNADV
English
© 2018. Asset International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

The Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association wants a federal district court to halt the program, based on ERISA preemption and the possibility that home-owning Californians could be called on to pay additional taxes to support Secure Choice, which aims at opening up retirement investing opportunities.

The Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association (HJTA) has filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California-on behalf of itself as a non-governmental employer and on behalf of its members as non-governmental employees, non-governmental employers, and California taxpayers-to halt the ongoing implementation of the California Secure Choice Retirement Savings Trust Act.

According to its supporters, the California Secure Choice Retirement Savings Program is meant to provide a voluntary, low-risk, auto-enrollment retirement savings plan for many uncovered workers in the state who would otherwise have little opportunity to start saving in a constructive way. According to detractors, such as HJTA, the program will most likely prove to be an expensive experiment that does little to actually improve retirement savings adequacy in the state. 

Named as defendant is the California Secure Choice Retirement Savings Program and John Chiang in his official capacity as the chair of the California Secure Choice Retirement Savings Investment Board. According to the text of the complaint, the act that created the Secure Choice program "violates the Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution because it is expressly preempted by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974."

"ERISA establishes nationally uniform standards to protect private employees and does not allow state-run retirement programs for private employees," the complaint states. "Without preemption of CalSavers, such non-governmental employees' funds will have none of the ERISA protections intended for them by the federal government since 1974. CalSavers is thus ultra vires, and HJTA seeks a declaration that CalSavers is void."

HJTA further seeks injunctive relief under California Code of Civil Procedure Section 526a "to enjoin the waste of taxpayer funds on implementation costs under way."

The filing of the compliant comes less than a year after the Trump administration and Congress cancelled an ERISA safe harbor established by the Obama administration, which was meant to prevent this very pre-emption issue. By issuing a new final rule, "Definition of Employee Pension Benefit Plan Under ERISA," the Department of Labor's (DOL)'s Employee Benefit Security Administration (EBSA) removed its final rules regarding the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) safe harbor of government-run plans for private-sector workers from the Code of Federal Regulations.

Along some other lines of argument, HJTA suggests the fact that the U.S. Congress has expressly disavowed these types of savings arrangements established by States for non-governmental employees, means there is "no potentially valid DOL regulation permitting this state-run retirement arrangement."

"The nationally uniform application of ERISA requires that this Court declare CalSavers void," the group concludes.

Full text of the complaint is available here.

Document PLNADV0020180601ee6100004




News
Wynne pledges 'portable pensions'

504 words
24 May 2018
The Hamilton Spectator
HMSP
English
Copyright (c) 2018 The Hamilton Spectator. 

TORONTO - "Portable pensions" for workers to take with them from job to job would be created under a provincial Liberal government, leader Kathleen Wynne says.

The Liberals, if elected June 7, would also "remove barriers" so that outsiders could buy into existing pension plans - even if they have no connection to the company, she said.

Given the changing economy, "we have to evolve the supports that people have as well," Wynne said at a campaign stop in downtown Toronto at Wattpad, an online publishing site where writers post their work to be critiqued by other users.

"The parents and grandparents of the young people who work here may have gone into a company and worked in that company for 35, 40 years, and come out with a pension that is allowing them to have a dignified retirement.

"That's not the case for the young people who are working" today, she said. "The changing economy puts that decent retirement into jeopardy ... The reward for a lifetime of hard work shouldn't be the prospect of spending your golden years struggling to make ends meet."

She noted the Ontario government had pushed the federal government for enhancements to the Canada Pension Plan, but "there are still gaps."

"We are going to take the next steps, so that, no matter where you work, you will be able to look forward to a more secure retirement. That is the objective."

The Liberals, she added, would "support the creation of portable pension plans, that stay with one worker from one job to the next," allow others to join "successful plans" and also strengthen the power of the pension regulator to "intervene where pensioners are treated unfairly.

"When a company is in trouble, we are going to strengthen the ability of the regulator to intervene and make sure (pensioners') interests are taken care of," giving them "greater priority" if the company goes bankrupt.

The pledge is a response to the plight of Sears retirees, who saw their benefits decrease after the company went under. Earlier this year, the Liberals promised to give them up to $500 extra a month.

She said the Progressive Conservatives have not talked about pensions at all, and the NDP would not be willing to work with the private sector.

Wynne said more details on private-sector pensions will be released in the Liberals' formal platform, which will be out in the next few days.

About a third of working Ontarians are enrolled in a pension plan, but, among younger workers ages 25 to 34, it's only about one-quarter.

Wynne said the Liberals will also increase the power of pension regulating authorities to intervene when Ontarians believe they are not receiving the pension benefits they were promised.

The premier pledged to grant access to private-sector pension plans to workers, such as contractors or part-timers, who may not qualify for them.

Ontario Liberal Leader Kathleen Wynne talks to employees during a campaign stop in Toronto, on Thursday. 

Document HMSP000020180525ee5o00009




Business
Blackstone warns on threat to tax break

MARK VANDEVELDE ;LINDSAY FORTADO 
504 words
22 May 2018
Financial Times
FTFT
1; Europe
15
English
Copyright 2018 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web. 

Financials US states consider ending concession worth billions of dollars to hedge funds

Private equity group Blackstone has warned investors that it faces a growing risk of significantly higher tax bills because of efforts by US states to end a lucrative tax break that Washington lobbyists have fought hard to preserve.

A California proposal to levy state tax on carried interest - the share of investment profits that hedge fund and private equity managers are paid as an incentive to hit higher returns - faces its second key legislative hurdle this week.

Under federal law, carried interest is taxed as a capital gain, rather than as personal income, enabling hedge fund and private equity executives to pay lower tax rates on some of their earnings than salaried workers. California would eliminate that tax break by levying extra state tax to make up the difference.

The carried interest tax break, worth billions of dollars, has become emblematic of a tax system that campaigners criticise for favouring the rich while many ordinary Americans struggle with rising costs and stagnant incomes. Last year's sweeping federal tax reform bill did not change the status quo - something that was seen as a victory for industry lobbyists.

Lawmakers in New York - the only state with more hedge fund managers than California - have introduced legislation to curb the tax break, which could raise nearly $1.1bn annually for the state, according to Governor Andrew Cuomo.

To avoid an exodus of fund managers, the proposed New York tax increases would be delayed until similar proposals pass in Connecticut, New Jersey, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania. All told, at least 10 jurisdictions are considering such a move, according to the Hedge Clippers, a group campaigning to end favourable tax treatment of carried interest.

"To some of these states, a few billion dollars is a lot of money," said Morris Pearl, chair of the Patriotic Millionaires, which is working with the Hedge Clippers in campaigning in favour of the legislation. "Whereas at the federal level, it doesn't really move the needle ... it's just an issue of fairness."

Blackstone has long told investors that its tax rate "could increase significantly" if it abandoned the partnership structure that allows it to pay less tax on carried interest.

In a regulatory filing this month, it added new language flagging the draft California law and stating that several states were giving "heightened consideration" to a carried interest levy.

Blackstone cited the federal tax cuts signed into law last year by President Donald Trump as the impetus for the state initiatives.

The new federal law cut the tax bills of many wealthy Americans while failing to change the treatment of carried interest, despite its being a loophole Mr Trump criticised for allowing hedge fund and private equity managers to "make a fortune" and "pay no tax", which he called "ridiculous".

'At the federal level, it doesn't really move the needle ... it's just an issue of fairness'

Document FTFT000020180522ee5m00097




BOOZMAN'S WATER INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT LEGISLATION INCLUDED IN COMMITTEE-PASSED WATER INFRASTRUCTURE BILL

504 words
22 May 2018
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2018. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

WASHINGTON, May 22 -- Sen. John Boozman issued the following press release:

The Environment and Public Works (EPW) Committee approved the inclusion of legislation introduced by U.S. Senator John Boozman (R-AR) that will modernize investment in water infrastructure in its comprehensive water infrastructure bill.

America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, which was unanimously reported out of committee on Tuesday, includes Boozman's Securing Required Funding for Water Infrastructure Now (SRF WIN) Act as a provision in the bill.

"The SRF WIN Act is an innovative solution to updating our water and wastewater infrastructure in a way that communities of all sizes can afford. I'm pleased that Chairman Barrasso and Ranking member Carper recognize that fixing our crumbling infrastructure is a national priority. By including this legislation in the committee's comprehensive water infrastructure bill, state and local governments will be able to more effectively meet underserved or unmet infrastructure needs," Boozman said.

Boozman's work was praised by both EPW Chairman Sen. John Barrasso (R-WY) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. "Thanks to Senator Boozman, [America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018] enhances the effectiveness of federal investments in our nation's failing drinking water and wastewater infrastructure," McConnell said on the Senate floor.

The provision in the committee-passed legislation would:

* Authorize $100 million annually over two years to support state revolving fund projects exclusively. * Encourage states to bundle their projects by waiving the $100,000 application fee and streamlining the application process to a maximum 180-day turnaround.

* Promote transparency by requiring EPA to post the list of project applications received and those selected to receive funds.

* Help communities, both big and small, receive funding for their vetted drinking water and wastewater projects. * Preserve the successful state revolving funds (SRFs) and the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) loan program.

Earlier this month, EPW Committee leaders received a letter from the nation's leading construction, engineering, municipal, conservation, public works, infrastructure finance, labor and manufacturing organizations urging members to include the SRF WIN Act as a provision in the committee's Water Resources Development Act legislation.

The SRF WIN Act was introduced in February by Boozman and Senators Cory Booker (D-NJ), Jim Inhofe (R-OK) and Dianne Feinstein (D-CA). Cosponsors include Senators Tammy Baldwin (D-WI), John Barrasso (R-WY), Bob Casey (D-PA), John Cornyn (R-TX), Joe Manchin (D-WV), Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) and Roger Wicker (R-MS).

The legislation empowers states to invest in multiple water infrastructure projects. The bill combines the best aspects of state revolving funds (SRFs) with the leveraging power of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) to make the process easier and more affordable for states to meet their underserved or unmet water infrastructure needs.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at content.services@htlive.com 

Document INDFED0020180525ee5m000wa




Mortgage Advice Bureau(Holdings)PLC Result of AGM

504 words
18 May 2018
12:10 AM
Regulatory News Service
RNS
English
(c) 2018 

TIDMMAB1

RNS Number : 4764O

Mortgage Advice Bureau(Holdings)PLC

17 May 2018

17 May 2018

Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) plc ("MAB" or "the Group")

Result of AGM

At the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of MAB, held yesterday at the offices of Norton Rose Fulbright LLP, 3 More London Riverside, London SE1 2AQ all the resolutions put to the meeting were passed.

Summary of AGM Proxy Voting:

For information, the summary of the proxy voting is shown in the table below. The full text of the resolutions is shown in the Notice of the Annual General Meeting, which is available on the MAB website at www.mortgageadvicebureau.com/investor-relations and copies of all special resolutions will be submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and will be available for inspection at www.Morningstar.co.uk/uk/NSM. 


 
Resolutions                                                               For         Against  Votes           Abstain 
                                                                                                at Chairman's 
                                                                                                Discretion 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
1. To receive the annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 
 December 2017.                                                           41,960,801  0        750             0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
2. To approve the final dividend of 11.9 pence per share for the year 
 ended 31 December 2017.                                                  41,960,801  0        750             0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
3. To approve the Directors' remuneration report for the year ended 31 
 December 2017.                                                           41,960,505  296      750             0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
4. To re-elect Katherine Innes Ker as a Director of the Company.          41,960,505  0        1,046           0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
5. To re-elect Peter Brodnicki as a Director of the Company.              41,960,505  0        1,046           0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
6. To re-elect David Preece as a Director of the Company.                 41,960,505  0        1,046           0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
7. To re-elect Lucy Tilley as a Director of the Company.                  41,960,449  56       1,046           0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
8. To re-elect Nathan Imlach as a Director of the Company.                41,960,505  0        1,046           0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
9. To elect Stephen Smith as a Director of the Company.                   41,960,505  0        1,046           0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
10. To re-appoint BDO LLP as Auditors of the Company.                     41,960,801  0        750             0 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
11. To authorise the Company's Audit Committee to determine the 
 remuneration of the Auditors.                                            41,960,505  0        750             296 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
12. To authorise the Directors to allot shares in the Company.            41,958,127  296      750             2,378 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
13. To disapply statutory pre-emption rights*.                            41,501,615  450,000  750             9,186 
------------------------------------------------------------------------  ----------  -------  --------------  ------- 
 

The total number of ordinary shares eligible to vote as at 16 May 2018 was 51,105,708.

* indicates a special resolution

Enquiries: 

Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) plc +44 (0)1332 525007 
Peter Brodnicki, Chief Executive Officer 
David Preece, Chief Operating Officer 
Lucy Tilley, Finance Director 
 
 Zeus Capital +44 (0)20 3829 5000 
  Martin Green 
  Nicholas How 
  Pippa Underwood 
 
  Canaccord Genuity +44 (0)20 7523 8350 
  Andrew Buchanan 
  Richard Andrews 
 
  Media Enquiries: 
  investorrelations@mab.org.uk 
 

This information is provided by RNS

The company news service from the London Stock Exchange

END

RAGFKODKQBKDCPD

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

17-05-18 1410GMT

Document RNS0000020180517ee5h000yi




News
$100 water bill hike

JUDITH KERR    judith.kerr@news.com.au 
504 words
17 May 2018
Albert & Logan News
ALBELN
AlbertLogan
5
English
Copyright 2018 News Limited. All Rights Reserved 

A TYPICAL Logan family is expected to pay up to $100 a year more for household water in two years.

The proposed increase was outlined in the Queensland Competition Authority's latest review of the state government bulk water price, released with little fanfare during last month's Commonwealth Games.

The Final Report: Seqwater Bulk Water Price Review 2018-21 sets out two price plans for 11 councils over the three years from July 1, 2018 to June 30, 2021.

Both options result in all 11 councils coming to parity and paying the same price to buy state bulk water by 2021. The report proposes lifting the current bulk water charge for Logan from $2.81 per kilolitre to $3.112 per kilolitre in 2020-21, equating to a 10.8 per cent increase.

That equates to a $48.80 hike in the annual water bill for the "average" southeast Queensland household of 2.53 people using 160kL a year. However, for an average Logan household of five people, the bill would be closer to an extra $96.44 per year. A family of four was likely to be hit with an extra $77.17 by 2021.

On top of that increase, Logan City Council, as the city's water retailer, adds its own mark-up and charges for consumption using a volumetric billing system for each kilolitre of water used.

QCA chairman Professor Roy Green said bulk water charges accounted for about 30 per cent of an average household's water and sewerage bill.

He said under the first option, the current bulk water price for Logan and seven other southeast Queensland councils paying the common price of $2.82 per kilolitre would rise by 5.2 per cent in 2018-19 and 2.5 per cent in each of the next two years equating to a rise of $23.20 in 2018-19 and $12 in each of the next two years.

Under the second option, he said the water price for Logan would rise by 3.5 per cent in each of the three years, resulting in increases for the average household of $16 to $17 each year.

Water law researcher from Bond University assistant Professor of Law Victoria Baumfield, pictured, said the planned price rises for the next three years were not just for price parity and were mainly to cut Seqwater's $9.4 billion debt.

"This debt dates back to when the Beattie/Bligh government took over water management from southeast Queensland's local councils," she said.

"In fact, until this year, the total debt owed to the Queensland Treasury Corporation was actually growing despite Seqwater hiking up the state bulk water charge almost every year.".She said the cost of the debt was reflected in the fact that Logan ratepayers already pay one of the highest water usage rates in Australia and southeast Queensland residents paid more for water than any other state capital.

Document ALBELN0020180516ee5h0001e


Investments
How savers are using the Lifetime Isa

Aamina Zafar 
504 words
4 May 2018
06:20 PM
Financial Adviser - Magazine and Web Content
FADV
English
© 2018 Financial Adviser 

Seven out of 10 One Family Lifetime Isa customers are saving for the long-term and many of them are planning on using it to fund their retirement.

The provider's survey of customers found 53 per cent of the Lifetime Isas opened were specifically being used towards retirement and 14 per cent were opened for both retirement and to save for a first home.

Additional ways to save towards later life are likely to increase in popularity with 40 per cent of those aged less than 40 saying they do not believe a pension alone will be enough.

The research found the average monthly payment into a Lifetime Isa, which is being used for retirement, is £75.

If a saver takes a Lifetime Isa at age 30 and continues to invest every month, by the time they reach 60, with the government bonus and 5 per cent annual interest, they will have nearly £50,000 saved, having originally invested £18,000.

Nici Audhlam-Gardiner, managing director of Lifetime Isas at One Family, said: "It is positive to see so many younger people are already thinking what they will need to fund their retirement.

"It is important to start saving little and often as early as possible. The increase in people thinking about, and saving towards their retirement can in part can be put down to the government's auto-enrolment scheme that sees all employees automatically being put into a company pension.

"But this is only applicable to certain workers and excludes the self-employed and those in the gig economy. The number of private pensions is still very limited with just 11 per cent of under 40s having one.

"Savvy savers thinking about retirement should consider the Lifetime Isa as another way to save and access the unique 25 per cent government bonus, and potential investment returns. The bonus is paid monthly so savers should make the most of the new tax year to maximise returns."

One Family research also revealed that 18 to 40-year-olds hope to retire at age 64.

This is three years prior to the current retirement age, meaning they would be without a state pension when they first stop working.

Savings from a Lifetime Isa can be withdrawn from the age of 60 and can therefore help bridge the gap.

Gemma Siddle, chartered financial planner at Eldon Financial Planning, said: "Lifetime Isas are one of the only 'standard' products that offer both tax relief and also accessibility should it be required.

"Many people in their 20s and 30s feel home ownership is a dream and are not confident it is realisable; the Lifetime Isa gives them a good chance to save for this dream with the knowledge that capital can be used for retirement should the home-ownership dream not be realised.

"In addition, they have the very important flexibility of access , albeit with penalty, should life take an unexpected turn."

aamina.zafar@ft.com

Document FADV000020180504ee540002t




American Financial Benefits Center on Adulting and Student Loan Responsibility

504 words
27 April 2018
10:00 PM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2018    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

EMERYVILLE, Calif., April 27, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Being an adult comes with a lot of different responsibilities, and while millennials may poke fun at "adulting," everyone experiences it differently. For some, getting their first "real job" or apartment might be the first signal that adulthood has officially arrived. For others, financial responsibilities may propel them into adulthood, and one financial issue may feature prominently in young adult minds: student loans. American Financial Benefits Center (AFBC), a document preparation company that helps its clients with federal income-driven repayment plan application and recertification paperwork, reminds borrowers that if their student loan responsibilities become too much, federal repayment plans may provide relief.

"Adulting has a different meaning for each person, and can even change throughout a single day," said Sara Molina, Manager at AFBC. "Student loan borrowers may share the experience of feeling like an adult when they have to deal with their loans."

Because finances are important for adult life -- adults must be able to pay for housing, food, and debts reliably -- managing them is an essential skill for adults to have. Therefore, financial bloggers write en masse about how to manage money, budget, save, and pay down debts. While individuals may decide to speak with a financial expert about their own situation, individuals can glean some basics from such blogs.

Financial adulting requires several characteristics that contribute to financial health: saving, paying down debts, spending thoughtfully, and knowing when to ask for help. Many young adults with student debt may find achieving financial health difficult. However, asking for help may lead them to federal income-driven repayment plans, in which payments are based on income and family size and can be reduced to as low as zero for certain circumstances.

"Feeling like an adult is a double-edged sword," said Molina. "Learning how to manage such heavy financial responsibilities is essential for adulting and can make financial life a lot easier. At AFBC, we help our clients utilize federal repayment programs that can ease their financial burdens. If they can feel young without ignoring their student loan responsibilities, we know we've done our jobs."

About American Financial Benefits Center

American Financial Benefits Center is a document preparation company that helps clients apply for federal student loan repayment plans that fit their personal financial and student loan situation. Through its strict customer service guidelines, the company strives for the highest levels of honesty and integrity.

Each AFBC telephone representative has received the Certified Student Loan Professional certification through the International Association of Professional Debt Arbitrators (IAPDA).

Contact

To learn more about American Financial Benefits Center, please contact:

American Financial Benefits Center

1900 Powell Street #600

Emeryville, CA 94608

1-800-488-1490

info@afbcenter.com

Related Links

AFBC home page

View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/american-financial-benefits-center-on-adulting-and-student-loan-responsibility-300637483.html

SOURCE American Financial Benefits Center

/Web site: https://afbcenter.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020180427ee4r0005i




Heir hunters' surprise visit

By Eleanor Perkinseperkins@thekmgroup.co.uk
504 words
26 April 2018
Kent Messenger
KENTMS
English
Copyright 2018.    Kent Messenger Ltd. 

An extensive search to find heirs to an unmarried man's pension pot has resulted in a £30,000 windfall for a Sandwich woman.

Jacqueline Riordan, who featured in a new series of TV's Heir Hunters this week, was contacted by professional probate genealogists Finders International.

They were looking for the next of kin to Deal postal worker Christopher Cole, from Thanet, who died aged 52.

The Royal Mail manager who worked at the delivery office in Stanhope Road had left a will but solicitors also discovered a £60,000 pension pot that surprisingly, due to a clause on the pension contact, could only be inherited by his next of kin and not by any beneficiaries in his will.

Mr Cole had followed in his father's and grandfather's footsteps by working for Royal Mail. He had spent his whole working life with the service and is remembered by his colleagues as somebody who "lived to work".

He had no children and no siblings, so Finders International went back a generation in the hope of finding next of kin.

The research on the maternal side of Mr Cole's family didn't bear any fruit and the only next of kin were found on his father's side of the family. An uncle, Derek Cole, had two children, Jacqueline and Susan. These were Christopher's first cousins and the ultimate heirs to the pension.

Ms Riordan, who received a knock on the door before agreeing to feature on the television programme, said: "Unfortunately I hadn't seen Chris since we were children. I'm really sad to have something from Christopher in that it means he's passed but obviously I'm quite surprised and excited that he left something for me and my sister."

But it's not just about the money for Ms Riordan who is also very interested in her family tree.

She said: "I'm really excited about finding out more about the family tree. I have been looking at the family tree for three years now so when Finders International contacted me it was a shock at first, and now with the help of Finders, I can add more information to my own research."

Danny Curran from Finders International said: "It is great that the pension money has been united with the rightful heirs."

It would have otherwise become government money.

He added: "Nevertheless the case of Christopher Cole is a good example of why people should not only write a will but also have a forward view of all their financial assets, particularly pensions. "Usually if a person has a property this will go through their estate. However, some financial products may fall outside this like in this case - where the clause in the pension meant that it would not form part of the estate but go to the deceased's next of kin."

The story will be broadcast today (Wednesday) at 11am and is available on BBC iPlayer.

Document KENTMS0020180427ee4q00018




Business
THE BArgain HUNTER

Kara Gammell' 
504 words
18 April 2018
Metro
METRO
1; National
21
English
© 2018 Local World / Metro 

In association with Kara Gammell's top tips and nifty tricks to help you save little and often...

Protect your Oyster card balance More than six million Londoners risk not being able to get a refund if their Oyster card is lost or stolen as they haven't registered it online, according to MONEYSAVINGEXPERT.com. To register, visit oyster.tfl.gov.uk and enter the number on the back of your Oyster card, and recall your last journey made with the card, before filling in your personal details.

Get a takeaway prescription Just because you get your eyes tested at one optician does not mean you must buy your glasses or contact lenses there. By law, once you have had an eye test, the optician must provide you with a prescription, but you are not required to make a purchase. Make sure you understand this, as it will enable you to shop around for the most competitive prices. Find cheap frames at glassesdirect.co.uk and get two pairs for as little as £19.

Half-price sushi for supper If you are looking for a bite to eat one evening, why not get your hands on some discounted grub? Several restaurant chains that cater to the lunchtime rush hour offer huge discounts during evening hours to clear stock. At many stores, high-street sushi chains Wasabi and Itsu reduce food by 50% in the 30 minutes before closing. Check wasabi.uk.com and itsu.com.

Don't pass up extra cash for your pension You wouldn't turn down a Christmas bonus, would you? So, don't miss out on the chance of extra cash from your company in the form of increased pension contributions. Most of us simply accept a 'default' level of contributions, but could choose to pay in a bit more, which many companies will match. Check if your employer will match your contributions if you paid more into your pension - and don't look a gift horse in the mouth.

Check the world foods aisle for savings If you know where to look, you can often bag bargains in other aisles in the same supermarket. If you were after coconut milk, you would find a 400g tin of Blue Dragon Coconut Milk for £1.99 in Asda. Head over to the world foods section and another make is a fraction of the price at just 80p. A 36g jar of Tesco Ground Coriander sells for 85p (£2.36/100g), while a 100g packet in the world foods aisle is just £1.15.

Don't foot the bill when it's not your fault If your energy bills are recalculated because of a mistake by the energy provider, there is a limit to how much they can ask you to pay up. If your use was underestimated, the supplier can backdate your bills for only up to 12 months. Don't be conned into paying more than you have to for someone else's mistake.

Document METRO00020180418ee4i0001k




News
People do not save enough for retirement because they live longer than they expect

BEN CHAPMAN 
504 words
16 April 2018
The Independent
IND
1ST
13
English
© 2018. Independent Print Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 

News

People live longer than they think they will, potentially harming their ability to save adequately for their retirement, new research has found.

It is increasingly important to plan for the future because recently introduced pension freedoms have given people more control over their retirement funds, the Institute for Fiscal Studies said.

People in their 50s and 60s underestimate their chances of survival to age 75 by around 20 percentage points, and to 85 by around five to 10 percentage points, the study found. For example, men born in the 1940s who were interviewed at age 65 reported a 65 per cent chance of making it to age 75, whereas the official estimate was 83 per cent. For women, the equivalent figures were 65 per cent and 89 per cent.

However, as people get older they become increasingly optimistic about their chances of living longer. Individuals in their late 70s and 80s overestimate their chances of surviving to ages 90, 95 and above, on average. Over-optimism rises to 10-15 percentage points by age 80, and is more prevalent for men than for women, the IFS found. Men born in the 1930s who were interviewed at age 80 reported a 32 per cent chance of reaching the age of 95, but the official estimate is 17 per cent.

Widows and widowers are significantly more pessimistic about their survival chances than others at age 60, with 49 per cent and 39 per cent respectively believing that they will reach 80 years old. The official estimates are 77 per cent and 67 per cent.

The IFS compared Office for National Statistics data with the results of surveys of people at a range of ages.

The think tank said survival pessimism may make individuals reluctant to buy annuities. An annuity priced according to average survival chances should represent a fair deal (or better) for around half of individuals. But because people think that they will live shorter lives than they are statistically likely to, around two-thirds of individuals in their 60s would think an annuity priced according to average survival chances is a poor deal.

David Sturrock, a research economist at IFS and an author of the report, said: "As individuals are given more responsibility for saving for their retirement, and more freedom over how they use those savings in their later years, it is a particular concern that many are systematically misjudging their longevity. When people underestimate their chances of surviving through their 50s, 60s and 70s, they may save less during working life, and spend more in the earlier years of retirement, than is appropriate given their actual survival chances. In contrast, people who overestimate their survival chances at the oldest ages may show an undue reluctance to spend their remaining wealth near the end of life. By misjudging their longevity, individuals risk having a lower standard of living in retirement than would otherwise be possible."

Document IND0000020180416ee4g0001m




Personal Finance
Millionaire to billionaire in a single year: One CEO in America did just that; Here's how long it took the richest people in the world to go from millionaires to billionaires.

Sally French, MarketWatch 
504 words
8 April 2018
03:38 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2018 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Here's how long it took the richest people in the world to go from millionaires to billionaires.

It took Warren Buffett 26 years. Bill Gates? Only five.

But the record for fastest route from millionaire to billionaire currently goes to Facebook (FB, US) CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who took just one year to make the leap, according to a study by Betway based on Forbes' annual "World's Billionaires" ranking.

Zuckerberg's path was lighting fast compared to the Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, US)  CEO and investing guru, or to Koch Industries owner Charles Koch, who took 22 years to get there.

Here's a list of the 25 richest people in the world in 2018, according to Forbes, followed by the number of years it took them to go from millionaire to billionaire, as compiled by Betway:

Zuckerberg was the youngest self-made billionaire to ever appear on the Forbes Billionaires list when he debuted in 2008 at the age of 23. He didn't make the 2009 list, with his estimated net worth dropping below $1 billion, but it didn't take long before Facebook's valuation started to go way up, and Zuckerberg's net worth along with it.

The analysis shows that founding a major tech company has been one of the fastest routes to billionaire-dom. Amazon (AMZN, US) founder Jeff Bezos took two years to leap from millionaire to billionaire, while both Microsoft (MSFT, US) founder Bill Gates and Google (GOOG, US) (GOOGL, US) co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin took five years to get there.

Related read:Warren Buffett explains what's wrong with the economic system that made him billions

Related read: The No. 1 financial fear among rich people should have you seriously concerned

Almost a quarter of the billionaires analyzed by Betway had a degree in engineering, and about 20% had a degree in economics or business. About a third didn't have a college degree at all.

There are now more than 2,000 people in the world who are worth at least $1 billion, a figure that has doubled in the past decade. Among those 2,000 people, the average age they joined the billionaire's club was 51. Jeff Bezos was 35 when he became a billionaire, while Bill Gates was 31.

Of course, being a billionaire isn't always what it's cracked up to be. People aren't exactly thrilled with Zuckerberg right now in light of the news surrounding Facebook's data scandal. He publicly apologized on CNN last month, and will testify before lawmakers next week.

"This was a major breach of trust and I'm really sorry this happened." he said to CNN's Laurie Segall. "Our responsibility now is to make sure this doesn't happen again."

Document MRKWC00020180406ee460008d


Asia news
'City' gender pay gap remains

Anonymous 
504 words
6 April 2018
Eastern Eye
EASTEYE
18
Issue 1450; ISSN:0965464X
English
© 2018 Eastern Eye. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

BARCLAYS CHIEF POSITIVE DESPITE BANK DATA RESULTS

MEN employed in London's 'City' financial district earn significantly more per hour than women excluding bonuses, according to the latest results drawn from UK-based banks' data.

Prime minister Theresa May's Conservative government demanded that individual financial institutions reveal wage differentials between men and women across all employees - from back-office staff to highly-paid traders and board members.

And the results are unflattering for an industry that has long been marked by male-filled boardrooms and trading floors.

Among retail banks, Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group - both rescued with vast amounts of taxpayers' cash during the global financial crisis - have pay gaps of 37.2 per cent and 33 per cent, respectively.

Among institutions that are more focused on investment banking, the difference is even wider.

Barclays has a gap of 48 per cent at its London-based investment bank unit. The equivalent is 55.5 per cent at US giant Goldman Sachs. The gap at HSBC's entire UK operations, including investment and retail, is 59 per cent.

Karen Frank, chief executive of private banking at Barclays, said her company was slowly closing the gap but needed to attract more women into top positions.

"From time to time, one can get a bit discouraged by the lack of progress in diversity across all industries," said Frank, who has spent more than 25 years working in financial services.

"The good part about what we are seeing at Barclays is that we have actually made definitive progress.

"In line with other sectors, the finance industry doesn't yet have enough women at the top and the top of organisations is where the highest paid salaries are. For now at least, the majority of these roles are occupied by men," she added.

Frank insisted that Barclays was on a mission to "encourage the next generation of women and the generation after that to come up through the ranks and occupy more senior positions'!

Barclays has noted that the gender gap is driven by two factors: the higher proportion of men in senior jobs and the higher proportion of women in more junior positions.

Conservative MP Nicky Morgan, chair of parliament's influential Treasury Committee, said recently of the massive gender pay gap at Barclays' investment banking unit: "For this to be the case in 2018 is shocking," although she acknowledged that the bank had committed to supporting the progression of female employees into senior jobs.

At the same time, Frank insists that women must perform harder and better than men to achieve that goal. "We have to have the confidence to speak our mind, take risks and set our bar high," she said.

Frank further said in an interview: "My personal philosophy, and that of Barclays, is that we are a meritocracy.

"We want to see and encourage diversity, but we will always hire the best person for a role and for our clients." (AFP)

Document EASTEYE020180420ee460001v




News
STUDENT LOANS

504 words
6 April 2018
Manchester Evening News
MN
1; National
1
English
© 2018 Trinity Mirror 

By ALICE CACHIA SOARING student debts coupled with crippling interest rates mean most graduates need to earn a salary of around £51,000 before they begin to pay off their loans, our analysis reveals.

Tuition fees now cost up to £9,245 per year - not including maintenance loans and interest charged while studying - and the costs continue to rise after graduation.

That is because the government charges interest on student loans.

In April repayment increase It means money graduates may think is repaying student loans is probably not doing so at all, and is more likely paying off interest instead.

Once graduates start working, they don't have to pay anything until they earn more than £21,000, at which point nine per cent of their salary over this amount is automatically deducted from their paychecks.

However, graduate salaries also affect the interest paid.

Currently, those earning £21,000 are charged the minimum 3.1 per cent interest, while those earning £41,000 and above are charged the maximum 6.1 per cent interest.

this year the threshold will to £25,000 Those earning between the two figures are charged a proportionate amount of interest.

However, despite these increasing rates of interest for higher earners, the figures show that those earning the least are the hardest hit by the current system.

Imagine a graduate leaves university with student debts of £50,000.

If they had a salary of £25,000, they'd repay £360 of their student debt in the year, bringing the amount owed down to £49,640.

But £1,850 would be added onto that figure in interest - meaning the value of their student debts has actually INCREASED to £51,490.

In fact, graduates would have to earn a salary of £55,000 before even beginning to make a dent in their original £50,000 worth of student debt at the current rate of inflation.

Jake Butler, financial expert for Save the Student, said: "The issue is more of a psychological one instead of a financial one for the majority of graduates.

"This is because due to the loan being wiped after 30 years, most graduates will never earn enough to repay the total amount owed, let alone start paying off the interest."

It is a sentiment echoed by the Institute for Fiscal Studies, which predicts that students are graduating with so much debt that The amount of paid will change year depending inflation around 75 per cent are likely to never repay the full amount.

It also means most people will still be paying student debt while entering their 50s.

A spokesperson for the Department for Education said: "We recently announced that the repayment threshold will increase from £21,000 to £25,000, putting more money in the pockets of graduates.

"We will also be conducting a major review of funding across tertiary education to ensure a joined-up system that works for everyone."

interest each on rates " The new repayment threshold comes into effect later this month

Document MN00000020180406ee460003l




Femail
Budget supermarket Aldi is now offering discounted HORSE RIDING lessons to encourage more people to get into the sport (and you can even buy your jodhpurs in store)

EMILY CHAN FOR MAILONLINE 
504 words
6 April 2018
12:52 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2018 

* Aldi has become first supermarket chain in the country to offer riding lessons

* It has teamed up with two prestigious riding schools in Cheltenham and Wigan

* Supermarket has also launched equestrian range to help budding riders kit up

Aldi is now offering discounted horse riding lessons to its customers - in a bid to encourage more people to get into the sport.

The budget retailer has become the first supermarket chain in the country to offer riding lessons, after teaming up with two prestigious riding schools to offer sessions.

The lessons, which can be bought online, will be available at the Summerhouse Equestrian in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, and Parbold Equestrian near Wigan, Lancashire, with prices starting from £21.

The supermarket has also unveiled its new equestrian range - meaning you can now get riding tops, jodhpurs, boots and special socks from your local store.

Those who buy their riding lessons from Aldi will save 30 per cent off the regular price.

In the lessons, riders will be taught a range of skills, including learning to mount and dismount a horse, developing their balance and control and how to stop and steer.

As well as offering horse riding lessons, Aldi has launched a new equestrian range for budding riders.

The range includes riding tops, jodhpurs, boots and special socks, with prices ranging from £2.99 to £19.99.

The equestrian gear is available at around half the price of products sold by popular equestrian brand Harry Hall.

For example, Aldi's PVC riding boots are available for £19.99, while a pair of similar looking boots at Harry Hall cost £39.99.

Professional equestrian coach Nicola Bennett, who has been teaching riding lessons for 40 years, said Aldi's discounted lessons are a great way to encourage new riders.

She said: 'We have seen an increased interest in our lessons over the years, but historically, it has been seen by many as an expensive hobby.

'We know that riding is now losing the 'elitist' tag, is more affordable and, through Aldi's partnership, encourages people of all ages to come and have a go, or return to riding.'

'Who knows, maybe we will find a budding International Event rider to join our team.'

Keeping a horse is an expensive business, with an average horse owner will spend between £3,000 and £10,000.

Aldi's joint managing director for corporate buying, Julie Ashfield, added: 'We believe that cost should never lead to compromise.

'Our competitively priced equestrian clothing ranges have proven extremely popular in the past, and this year, we want to go one gallop further in making horse riding more accessible for all.

'By offering discounted horse riding lessons for all the family, we hope that parents across the UK will be able to introduce their children to the sport, or have a go themselves.'

Document DAMONL0020180405ee450053m


Will Congress Update the Higher Education Act?(STATESTATS)

504 words
1 April 2018
State Legislatures
STLG
23
ISSN: 0147-6041; Volume 44; Issue 4
English
Copyright 2018 Gale Group Inc. All rights reserved. 

As debate continues over the PROSPER Act-the U.S. House GOP's proposal to revamp the country's higher education system--a bipartisan group of U.S. senators is working on its own plan. The Higher Education Act hasn't been updated in more than a decade, and many believe it's time for an overhaul. Changes are likely to affect the way students apply for financial aid and the way the federal aid system is structured. Although partisan politics exist in any policy debate, including this one, there appear to be several areas of shared concerns, including:

* The costs are too high for too many Americans.

* The federal student financial aid application is too long and complicated.

* Federal aid and repayments are confusing and don't cover job training programs and apprenticeships.

* Applicants for federal aid find out too late what they will be receiving to plan well.

--Magazine staff


Average Cost to Attend a Year of College or University, 2015

                                   Public   Private nonprofit

On campus                          $23,300  $47,400
Off campus living with family      $14,100  $37,500
Off campus not living with family  $23,800  $46,900

Note: Table made from bar graph.

How Colleges Spent Their Money, Per Student, 2014-15
         Instruction  Student services  Research and
                      and support       public service

Public   $10,221       $7,490           $6,131
Private  $17,567      $16,309           $6,268

NOTE: Expenses per full-time student are reported in constant 2015-16
dollars, based on the consumer price index adjusted to a school-year
basis. Expense categories at private institutions include allocated
amounts of operation and maintenance of plant. interest and
depreciation, while expense categories at public institutions do not.

Note: Table made from bar graph.


The Higher Education Act

President Lyndon Johnson signed the first version of the Higher Education Act in 1965 to "strengthen the educational resources of our colleges and universities and to provide financial assistance for students in postsecondary education." The law sets the conditions for dispersing federal student financial aid. Last year, the U.S. Department of Education awarded more than $120 billion in grants, work-study funds and loans to more than 13 million students. The act has been reauthorized eight times since 1965, the last time being in 2008. The current Higher Education Act was set to expire at the end of 2013 but has been extended while Congress works on the next reauthorization.


Revenue Sources

Public

21%  Tuition and fees
 0%  Investments
44%  Government
 8%  Auxiliary enterprises
27%  All other revenue

Private nonprofit

35%  Tuition and fees
11%  Investments
13%  Government
 8%  Auxiliary enterprises
33%  All other revenue

Note: Table made from pie chart.

Portion of Students Who Receive Financial Aid

                   Federal grants  State/local grants

Public             37%             38%
Private nonprofit  33%             26%

                   Institutional grants  Student loans

Public             47%                   50%
Private nonprofit  82%                   61%

Sources: The College Board: U.S. Department of Education National
Center for Education Statistics: Education Commission of the States

Note: Table made from pie chart.


Document STLG000020180417ee410000n




Femail
Can't afford kale and coconut water? Dietitian reveals the cheap, often-overlooked 'superfoods' that you can pick up at your local supermarket for a fraction of what on-trend items cost

BILLIE SCHWAB DUNN FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
504 words
29 March 2018
11:38 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2018 

* You don't need to spend a lot of money to reap the rewards of superfoods

* A dietitian has revealed the cheaper alternatives people can include in their diet

* Amelia Harray explained that there is 'no definition of a superfood'

'Superfoods' have been the buzzword in the health industry for a few years, but many simply cannot afford to splash out on kale and coconut water during their weekly shop.

Luckily for those trying to save their cash, there are plenty of fruits and vegetables that are just as good.

Today Tonight spoke with dietitian, Amelia Harray, who revealed the less expensive alternatives people can include in their diet to reap the same health benefits.

'There's no definition of a superfood, which makes it really confusing for people,' she said.

Scroll down for video

LEAFY GREENS

Kale became popular years ago, with many people palming it off as a passing fad, but it is a healthy addition to any diet.

The leafy green is high in folate and vitamin K, like iceberg lettuce, and although it has a good amount of fibre, spinach has more.

'Spinach actually contains more iron than kale does too,' Amelia explained.

Unfortunately what some people don't realise is that when you blend fruit and vegetables their fibre content decreases.

'I really encourage people to eat food rather than drink it, because when you're eating, you're chewing, and you're actually getting really full from the fibre, your gut is having to work,' Amelia said.

OLIVE OIL

Coconut oil is another item that has been deemed a 'superfood', but Amelia doesn't think it deserves that title.

'There is no benefit from coconut oil in cooking. if anything it'll just increase your bad cholesterol in your blood,' Amelia warned.

'You're far better off eating olive oil, avocado oil, canola oil and rice bran oil.

'There are lots of options that are much cheaper and much better for you.'

BANANAS

Since bananas are easily accessible in a lot of countries, they are often over-looked.

Although coconut water is rich in nutrients and is definitely good for you, studies have shown that it doesn't do any better a job of hydrating you than water.

'[It has] nutrients like magnesium, potassium and phosphate, but so do bananas, and you're paying a lot more for coconut water,' Amelia said.

AVOCADO

Two members behind Peak Body fitness, Faye Sheridan and Tony Merrick, said they believe it's good to know what you're body is lacking in.

Although they understand that health powders are popular, they like to stick with wholefoods first, such as homemade kimchi, eggs and avocado.

The pair believes that people should be mindful of the social media hype of superfoods and supplements.

Document DAMONL0020180329ee3t000b7




Money
London stock market falls to 16-month low as trade war fears send the FTSE 100 index diving below 7,000

ADRIAN LOWERY FOR THISISMONEY.CO.UK 
504 words
23 March 2018
03:16 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2018 

* The FTSE 100 index dropped 86.4 points or 1.2 per cent to close at 6,952.59

* Blue-chip index is back below the 7,000 mark for the first time since November 2016

* Traders spooked by threat of world trade war as President Tumpfirest first shot at China

* US markets open in the red; European markets 1.6-1.8 per cent down

The London stock market fell to a 16-month low today as world trade war fears prompted investors to hit the sell button.

Trading screens were a sea of red across Europe, as the FTSE 100 index dropped 86.4 points or 1.2 per cent to close at 6,952.59 - back below the 7,000 mark for the first time since November 2016.

A senior US official said today that the European Union and six other countries will be exempt from steel and aluminium tariffs announced by President Trump, at least temporarily.

But Robert Lighthizer's claim that President Trump had decided to 'pause' the import duties while further discussions took place could not assuage traders' concerns as Mr Trump prepared restrictions on Chinese investment and tariffs on nearly $50billion worth of Chinese imports.

According to the Press Association the move is to 'punish Beijing for stealing American technology and pressuring US companies to hand it over'.

China is already warning it will take 'all necessary measures' to defend itself, raising the prospect of a trade war between the world's two biggest economies.

Aside from the EU, Mr Lighthizer said Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Mexico and South Korea would be exempted from tariffs of 25 per cent on steel and 10 per cent on aluminium are due to come into effect on Friday.

The London market was already down when the US stock market opened sharply lower, which fed back to more selling in London.

American technology stocks slumped in the wake of Facebook's data privacy scandal, with the tech-heavy Nasdaq falling 87.81 points, or 1.2 per cent, to 7,257.47.

Facebook's share price continued to fall following weekend's news that Cambridge Analytica may have used data improperly obtained from roughly 50million Facebook users to try to sway US elections.

Today, Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg broke the silence by apologising for the mistakes his company made in how it handled the data and promised tougher steps to restrict developers' access to such information.

'This was a major breach of trust. I'm really sorry this happened. We have a basic responsibility to protect people's data,' Zuckerberg told CNN.

The Dow Jones was also down 1.2 per cent and the S&P was 0.7 per cent lower.

On the continent, the German and French leading blue-chip indices were down 1.8 and 1.6 per cent respectively.

Document DAMONL0020180322ee3m007sn




22 women honored for contributions; Peggy Ruhlin, Rianka Dorsainvil among InvestmentNews' Women to Watch

Ryan W. Neal; rneal@investmentnews.com 
504 words
19 March 2018
Investment News
INVN
26
Volume 21; Number 11
English
(c) 2018 Crain Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Twenty-two women were recognized for their contributions to the financial advice industry last Tuesday at InvestmentNews' third annual Women to Watch luncheon.

Peggy Ruhlin, the chief executive of Budros Ruhlin & Roe, accepted the Alexandra Armstrong Award for Lifetime Achievement and encouraged all the women in the room to "dream big, then make it happen."

Ms. Ruhlin is perhaps best known for engineering the merger of the Institute of Certified Financial Planners and the International Association for Financial Planning to create what is known today as the Financial Planning Association.

She's also known as an advocate for women in finance. At Budros Ruhlin & Roe, Ms. Ruhlin has pushed the firm to hire and develop female professionals, and serve female clients.

"Her forward-looking approach and get-it-done attitude, along with the numerous major accomplishments she has spearheaded, are among the many reasons Peggy is our Lifetime Achievement award honoree this year," said Suzanne Siracuse, publisher of InvestmentNews.

In accepting the award, Ms. Ruhlin thanked her colleagues and raised a toast to her family, saying she lives by the motto, "Nothing is more important than family."

As part of the award, InvestmentNews donated $5,000 to the Foundation for Financial Planning, a charity selected by Ms. Ruhlin.

This year's Women to Watch included a new "Rising Star" award to honor an emerging leader and role model for next-generation advisers: Rianka Dorsainvil, the founder of Your Greatest Contribution, a fee-only financial planning firm.

CHANGING THE IMPOSSIBLE

"Being the first at anything is pretty scary. It means you are setting the stage and foundation for those to come after you," Ms. Dorsainvil said. "To the ladies in the audience who will also be the first at something, being the first means you look at the 10-letter word 'impossible' and change it to 'I'm possible.'"

Before the luncheon, the 2017 honorees joined honorees from 2015 and 2016 for a discussion on how to improve financial literacy for women of all ages. The goal was to identify some small changes that could make a difference in the world if embraced by many, such as introducing high school students to financial planning as a career opportunity.

Caitlyn Gimler, a student at Grand Valley State University in Michigan, told the group that a personal finance class at her high school, which was created thanks to a donation from Pershing CEO Mark Tibergien, helped inspire her to pursue a career in financial planning instead of law.

Ms. Gimler said that none of the girls at her high school had named finance or even business when asked what they wanted to do in life, and she thinks programs like Women to Watch could change that.

"Having women in this career is really important," she said. "It's up to us to do something about that. We have the resources to do it."

Twitter: @ryanwneal

Document INVN000020180322ee3j0000u




News
Univ. execs get multiple checks

Melissa Klein 
504 words
18 March 2018
New York Post
NYPO
All Editions
4
English
(c) 2018 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Top CUNY administrators have aced their lessons on multiplying - their salaries.

Executives are getting around state rules that place strict limits on "double dipping" and are pulling down two six-figure incomes every year.

Marc Shaw retired as a senior CUNY vice chancellor in 2013 at age 59 and began collecting his $131,614 pension.

Last year Shaw, who had been first deputy to Mayor Michael Bloomberg and adviser to former Gov. David Paterson, was named CUNY's interim COO.

Rather than CUNY paying him directly, his $250,000 salary comes from the CUNY Research Foundation, which is a nonprofit that receives taxpayer funds.

By paying him through the foundation, CUNY circumvented a requirement that state retirees younger than 65 need a special waiver in order to earn more than $30,000 in income from a state job.

A CUNY spokesman said Shaw was asked to continue working because of his "extraordinary talent and understanding of public policy and finance."

Two other retirees joined CUNY before they turned 65 and were paid with Research Foundation money, circumventing the waiver process, public records show.

n  Burton Sacks (near right), who is now 70, spent three decades with the now defunct New York City Board of Education and was its former chief executive. His pension comes to $160,138 a year.

He joined CUNY in 2008, and his salary as deputy vice chancellor for operations - now $198,197 - comes from the Research Foundation.

n  Judith Bergtraum (far right), 68, who joined CUNY in 2007 and is vice chancellor for facilities planning, construction and management, gets a $153,598 pension from her time in city government, including a stint as a deputy commissioner in the Department of Transportation. She is paid $215,000 for her CUNY job, with all but $61,000 of her salary coming from the Research Foundation.

The state Inspector General has been investigating non-profit foundations affiliated with CUNY schools. The Research Foundation is funded mostly with government grants.

The waivers for retirees are difficult to secure and designed for those jobs that would be hard to fill.

"There are people who legitimately retire and leave and then get recruited to come back and maybe they do fill a position for a year or something while they try and hire the right person," said Tim Hoefer, the executive director of the Empire Center for Public Policy. "That's the way the waivers were designed to work. That's not how it is in practice currently."

A CUNY spokesman defended the double dipping, saying, "Without an incentive to keep them out of retirement, it would be nearly impossible to bring on or retain staff who, because of their wealth of experience and expertise, are uniquely qualified for critical roles within the university."

As part of efforts to "create greater transparency" all of the administrators except Shaw will be paid with state money as of May, the spokesman said.

mklein@nypost.com 

Burton Sacks; Judith Bergtraum. 

Document NYPO000020180319ee3i0006y




Features
Dear Graham Should we release equity in our home if it means leaving nothing to our children?

504 words
17 March 2018
The Daily Telegraph
DT
1; National
28
English
The Daily Telegraph © 2018. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

We are in our 70s and both reasonably healthy and active. We are considering releasing some equity in our home to provide extra income but rates of interest on such schemes seem usuriously high to us and, while in one sense that's no problem as the debt would be capped at a certain level and only fall due after our deaths, a likely outcome if we live several years or have to go into a nursing home is that we'll have nothing to leave to our children, who are currently helping their own children with rents, and are strapped for cash.

We would never have been able to buy our home without small timely legacies from elder family members, and it doesn't sit well with us to think we might be unable to do the same. We have also been very cautious about debt all our lives and feel uneasy about taking one on now. Do you have any thoughts? R and P, SOMERSET

Dear R and P What do you need? That is the only question you should be asking yourselves at the moment. I doubt if your children want you to be going without, or even not enjoying your old age to the full, just so that you can leave them something in your will. I know you benefited from a legacy, but I imagine the circumstances were very different. Ultimately, if any of your children think that waiting for you to die is some sort of "get rich quick" scheme then I feel you have gone very wrong as parents.

Nowadays people have different attitudes to money and debt but you are from another generation. If the idea of releasing equity through a loan bothers you, you could look at downsizing. I know you love your home, but ask yourselves some hard questions. Is it fit for purpose? Is it larger than you really need? Will you end up spending the money you borrow trying to maintain it?

None of us knows what will happen in the future and it is very difficult to plan when you haven't got all the information you need. Will you stay healthy? What is going to happen to property prices? At this point in your lives I imagine you have no desire to gamble, so together you must come up with a plan that meets your needs. In an ideal scenario you might leave this world with a windfall for others, but the people who love you will want to see you happy in this life.

If you can avoid being a burden to your children, then I think you've done pretty well - and, when the time comes, people will be crying at your funeral because they miss you, not because they didn't get anything in the will. You've saved your whole lives: now it is time to start spending!

Document DT00000020180317ee3h000cf




Money
MP calls for train passengers to get money back for taxis and hotels during delays - on top of ticket compensation

By Neil Lancefield 
504 words
12 March 2018
07:11 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2018 Mirror Group Ltd 

Jo Johnson has said passengers should be able to "claim accordingly" despite the Rail Delivery Group insisting it is "very unlikely" such claims will be successful

The rail minister has given his support to passengers who want to recoup costs such as taxis and hotels when train services are disrupted.

Jo Johnson acknowledged that some passengers do suffer additional losses due to delays or cancellations and said they should "claim accordingly".

This is despite the Rail Delivery Group (RDG), which represents train companies, insisting it is "very unlikely" such claims will be successful.

Train firms to 'rewrite compensation rules' to stop passengers being 'misled'

The Consumer Rights Act, which came into force for the rail industry in October 2016, means passengers can theoretically claim from consequential losses - additional expenses - above the price of the ticket when a train service is not provided with reasonable care and skill.

But the RDG says this is "a very high legal hurdle to clear".

It took until Sunday for rail companies to rewrite their conditions of travel to remove a warning that they will not accept liability for consequential losses.

How to get your money back if your train is delayed or cancelled - whatever the firm

Your rights...

Consumer group Which? found that firms have previously been incorrectly telling passengers they cannot make such claims.

Industry experts believe the issue - which could be hugely expensive for train operators - will end up in court once passenger groups launch a claim on behalf of passengers left out of pocket due to a severely delayed service.

Asked by the Press Association if passengers should be entitled to recoup money spent on taxis and hotel rooms, Mr Johnson replied: "There will be consequential impacts for passengers in certain circumstances and it's right the conditions of travel are now making that clear to passengers, so that they can claim accordingly."

He added: "In law they do have certain rights as consumers."

New law to give instant and automatic compensation for train delays coming

Cheap rail travel tips

The RDG encourages passengers to claim compensation through the delay repay scheme, which entitles them to payouts based on the length of delay, the type of ticket and the operator responsible.

It says the amount of compensation being paid to passengers has increased five-fold in the past five years to £74 million.

Alex Hayman, managing director of public markets at Which?, said: "It's good to see the rail minister backing passengers who should be able to claim for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses when their train service has been disrupted and it is the fault of the train companies.

"Train companies can no longer hide behind misleading terms to avoid compensating passengers and should proactively inform people about their rights. If the rail industry fails to do so, then the Government and the regulator must hold them to account."

Document MIRUK00020180312ee3c001jn




S6
Set in this central and yet incredibly quiet position, Greenridge is a superbly...

504 words
7 March 2018
Torquay Herald Express
HEREXP
E01
2-3
English
© 2018 Local World / Torquay Herald Express 

Set in this central and yet incredibly quiet position, Greenridge is a superbly appointed and lovingly restored late Victorian five bedroom house arranged over three floors. Its views extend over the very pretty Torwood Gardens, an open parkland with mature trees, shrubs and lawns. Offered for sale with an asking price of £350,000 by Saunders & Lingard.

A short three or four-minute stroll takes you right into the heart of the vibrant Torquay Harbourside, with its bustling marina, the Living Coasts marine wildlife attraction, and walks extending along the promenade towards the Princess Theatre, and the South West coastal footpath. You are also brilliantly placed to enjoy a wide range of shops, art galleries and numerous bars, cafes and restaurants.

On entering the reception hallway to this spacious home, it is immediately evident how much love and attention the current owners have lavished on their property during the past two decades, retaining and restoring many of its original features, and ensuring quality finishes throughout. Now downsizing, they hope another family will come along and enjoy all that this fabulous home has to offer.

Victorian houses are much appreciated for their scale and features and this one is no exception. The ground floor provides generously proportioned reception rooms offering lovely high ceilings with decorative cornices and retain some original fireplaces. With a formal lounge at the front, with its large bay window overlooking the park, there is plenty of space to relax with family.

The dining room offers good sized entertaining space, and in warmer months the double doors can be opened onto a private walled courtyard area. There is a modern fitted kitchen plus a separate utility offering access to a rear courtyard garden. Also, on the ground floor is a cloakroom with its pretty stained-glass window.

The staircase has been carefully restored, leading up to the first floor which hosts a generous double bedroom with Juliette balcony to the rear, a large and light master bedroom to the front, plus a single bedroom (which offers the potential to convert into an en-suite for the master). There is a family bathroom with contemporary modern suite and finishes.

Rising to the second floor provides two further generous double bedrooms, plus a small office space, another feature on the top level is an internal Gothic style arched door leading through to a lovely bright modern bathroom.

Externally you find two private courtyard areas ideal for entertaining, and with very low maintenance required this is ideal space for those who prefer to simply relax instead of garden. Whilst the property can only offer on-street parking, it has Resident-Only parking bays immediately outside the property.

Saunders & Lingard are hosting an Open House at Greenridge, Old Torwood Road, Torquay TQ1 1EG on Saturday March 10, between 11am and 12.30pm. Offered for sale chain-free for a price of £350,000 Freehold, please call for more information on 01803 611420.

Document HEREXP0020180306ee370002t


Owners of Maine inns will file for bankruptcy to avoid foreclosure auctions

Lauren Abbate 
504 words
28 February 2018
Bangor Daily News
BNGR
ISSN:08928738
English
© 2018 Bangor Daily News. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

Inns in Portland and Camden are scheduled for foreclosure auctions at the end of next month, but a co-owner of both inns said owners will file for bankruptcy to prevent the auctions from taking place.

The Camden Harbour Inn, and its restaurant Natalie's, and the Portland-based Danforth Inn, and its restaurant Tempo Dulu, are up for foreclosure auction on March 29.

Co-owner Raymond Brunyanszki of Portland said he and his business partner, Oscar Verest, never received a notice from Bar Harbor Bank and Trust -- which holds the mortgages for both inns -- that the two properties were slated for auction.

But an attorney representing Bar Harbor Bank and Trust said the bank's law firm notified the owners' attorney that the bank would be publishing foreclosure auction notices in local publications. Charles Remmel, said they gave the first notice well before the mandated 21 days of notice.

Brunyanszki said the inns' owners are working on filing for protection under Chapter 11 bankruptcy for both businesses in order to halt the foreclosure auctions and allow for continuing negotiations with the bank.

"This is more a matter of principle and we will try to continue to solve this issue," Brunyanszki said Monday. "We hope to stay in Chapter 11 [bankruptcy] as short as possible."

Brunyanszki said the current situation is the result of an "ongoing disagreement" between the LLCs that operate the inns and Bar Harbor Bank and Trust. Breda LLC operates the Camden Harbour Inn and Natalie's. Tempo Dulu LLC operates the Danforth Inn and Tempo Dulu restaurant.

Brunyanszki could not elaborate on the nature of the disagreement, but he alleges that Bar Harbor Bank and Trust made commitments that it has not fulfilled, costing the businesses about $1 million in added expenses during the past year.

The bank denies failing to abide by the agreement and said that financial trouble for the two LLCs dates to December 2016, according to Remmel. He said the bank has "tried to work with them" but that the businesses eventually failed to comply. "The defaults go back quite a long ways," Remmel said.

Brunyanszki said the businesses are in fine financial standing and hope they are able to negotiate a contract that is favorable for both parties. Otherwise, Brunyanszki said the inns' owners are prepared to let a judge decide what is fair.

Brunyanszki and Verest bought the Camden property in 2007 for about $2.8 million. In 2013-2014, the owners pumped another $1 million into the Camden Harbour Inn for renovations. Their banking relationship with Bar Harbor Bank and Trust began at about that time.

The Camden Harbour Inn, a 20-room high-end inn on Bayview Street, has been operating since the late 1800s. In 2014, Brunyanszki and Verest bought the nine-room Danforth Inn in Portland's West End.

Follow the Bangor Daily News on Facebook for the latest Maine news.

Credit: Lauren Abbate BDN Staff

Document BNGR000020180228ee2s00007




Attorney Tracey D. Johnson Educates the Public on Divorce and Wills and Trusts

504 words
26 February 2018
08:00 PM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2018    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 


Greater Kansas City, Kansas and Missouri family law attorney Tracey D. Johnson hosts four complimentary seminars at Johnson County Library in Overland Park, covering divorce and wills and trusts. 
 

KANSAS CITY, Kan., Feb. 26, 2018 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- Attorney Tracey D. Johnson, founder of the Law Office of Tracey D. Johnson, LLC, will be hosting a series of free seminars at Johnson County Library, Central Resource location, 9875 W. 87th Street, Overland Park, KS 66212. "I am hosting these four seminars in the areas of wills and trusts and divorce to help people understand the initial steps and procedures involved in these two areas. These topics touch so many families and not knowing enough about them could cause individuals to experience troublesome legal consequences," said Johnson, who is licensed in Kansas and Missouri.

The first seminar, "Introduction to Wills and Trusts - Now is the Time to Give Yourself Peace of Mind," takes place on Friday, May 18, from 4-5 p.m. The second seminar, "Divorce Introduction - What You Need to Know When Considering a Divorce," is scheduled for 5-6 p.m. on the same date.

There will also be two seminars on Saturday, May 19. The first, "Divorce Introduction - What You Need to Know When Considering a Divorce," is scheduled from 10-11 a.m. The second, "Introduction to Wills and Trusts - Now is the Time to Give Yourself Peace of Mind," is scheduled from 11 a.m. to noon.

Those wanting to attend need to call to register due to limited seating. Call 913-499-0422 or email tdjlaw@hotmail.com.

Johnson's law practice is family-focused, and therefore provides legal services in several areas that many families may experience. This includes estate and probate, will/trust, traffic, divorce, adoption, child custody and support, landlord/tenant, minor criminal (shoplifting/theft, DUI/DWI, etc.) and LLC formation matters.

About Tracey D. Johnson, Law Office of Tracey D. Johnson, LLC

Tracey D. Johnson practice areas include family, civil and criminal law, as well as estate planning. The Law Office of Tracey D. Johnson, LLC serves clients throughout the Greater Kansas City area in Johnson County, Wyandotte County, Platte County, Leavenworth County, Miami County and Jackson County. For more information, please call (913) 499-0422, or visit http://www.traceyjohnsonlaw.com. The law office is located at 12760 W. 87th St. Pkwy., Suite 108, Lenexa, KS 66215.

About the NALA(TM)

The NALA offers small and medium-sized businesses effective ways to reach customers through new media. As a single-agency source, the NALA helps businesses flourish in their local community. The NALA's mission is to promote a business' relevant and newsworthy events and achievements, both online and through traditional media. The information and content in this article are not in conjunction with the views of the NALA. For media inquiries, please call 805.650.6121, ext. 361.

SOURCE NALA PUBLIC RELATIONS LLC

/Web site: www.ebsshopping.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020180226ee2q0002i




Money
What KFC staff are doing while the shops wait for more chicken to arrive - and it's far from good

By mirror 
504 words
23 February 2018
02:06 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2018 Mirror Group Ltd 

The chicken-based chain changed delivery firm - and ran out of things to sell as a result. So what happened to its staff while shops were closed?

KFC staff whose branches were closed thanks to the chicken supply crisis could be hit in the pocket.

Incredibly 450 of the the chain's outlets closed after the company experienced "teething problems" with a new supplier.

Other outlets remained open, but with a limited menu and shorter hours as a result of the nationwide logistical issues.

KFC staff filmed 'sneaking raw chicken into restaurant from Volvo' before shortage closure

KFC chicken crisis causes 'most over-dramatic moment in TV history'

But it emerged that while the US-based company has become a laughing stock thousands of its workers are paying the price, according to the union that represents the fast food sector reports theDaily Post.

The Bakers, Food and Allied Workers Union (BFAWU) said they had been told that full time staff were being were being urged to take holiday while the crisis continues.

KFC staff tweet

Ian Hodson, National President of the BFAWU, said: "My understanding is that managers are trying to get people to take holidays while their shops are shut.

"Our advice is to members is put in a grievance procedure, they should not be using their holiday because of problems created by management.

"The company has a duty to pay them."

Crafty salesman flogs £10 KFC bargain buckets for a whopping £100 EACH after fast food chain crisis

He said that problems were even worse for people on zero hours contracts as they would not get paid at all.

Hodson added: "Workers were struggling when they were in work because of the low wages, this will only make the problems much worse.

"As far as we are aware there is no financial support from anyone, they have nothing to fall back on.

"This is the fault of the managers not the workers - they shouldn't end up having to pay the price."

More than 24,000 workers are employed by KFC and its franchises in Britain.

Consumer expert Harry Wallop said: "The problem is eight out of ten of all KFC restaurants are a franchise and they are under no obligation to pay their staff in that way - and a lot of them are on zero hour contracts."

KFC said no statement had been released regarding staffing arrangements although it did add some workers in franchises would be on zero hours contracts.

A spokesperson said: "We anticipate the number of closures will reduce today and over the coming days as our teams work flat out all hours to clear the backlog.

"Each day more deliveries are being made, however, we expect the disruption to some restaurants to continue over the remainder of the week, meaning some will be closed and others operating with a reduced menu or shortened hours."

Document MIRUK00020180222ee2m002xm




Money
This is how you can get 10% off Pizza Hut's mouthwatering new Mac 'N' Cheese pizza

By Chantelle Symester 
504 words
15 February 2018
02:53 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2018 Mirror Group Ltd 

If you love macaroni cheese and pizza, feast your eyes on this

We've got some good news, here's how to get some money off Pizza Hut's latest mega-meal, their Mac 'N' Cheese pizza.

If you're looking to save money , Voucher code site Vouchercloud are offering an exclusive deal, that'll get you £2 off both Mac 'N' Cheese pizzas when you dine in, just click the offer to reveal the code, and you'll be given your own personalised code that is available for 5 uses.

But if you're after a delivery deal we've spotted that Pizza Hut are currently offering hungry customers50% off online orders when you spend £15 or more.

Alternatively, checkout our Pizza Hut deals round up for the latestweekly dealslikeTwo'sDay. And you can also find discounted pizza offers on alternativevoucher codepages such asHotukdeals.com,Vouchercodes.co.uk,GrouponandVoucherbox.

Cheap restaurant deals and offers: 2 for 1 offers plus how to get freebies including a bottle of wine

If you're in the mood for a calorific indulgence (pre-warning food comas likely) then there is two options to choose from.

"The Classic One", which has a bechamel base, macaroni, cheese sauce, triple cheese blend and crispy onions, or "The BBQ One", which is the same but with a BBQ base and a BBQ drizzle on top.

Pizza Hut voucher codes: Get 50% off all pizzas and 2 for 1

A post from the chain revealing the new additions reads: "We don't mean to brag - but at Pizza Hut towers, we think it's literally the best pizza we've ever made ever. Like... ever.

"It's £21.95 for this sharing extravaganza eleganza. Share this beauty with a couple of mates and it's actually an absolute bargain.

"P.S. We won't judge you if you attempt one by yourself."

Fans have taken to Twitter to express their delight, with one user named@JuniperJaaneposting: "Take me to Pizza Hut for that new Mac and cheese pizza thing"

Pizza hut tweet

While another user called@frankivellawrote: "Pizza Hut have come out with a mac and cheese pizza and I've never been so excited in all my life"

Pizza hut tweet 2

Takeaway deals, discounts and offers

Gareth Hopley, head of communications at Pizza Hut restaurants said: "At Pizza Hut restaurants we're constantly experimenting with new and innovative recipes as we want to create the tastiest menu around for our diners.

"You can't beat a bowl of Mac 'N' Cheese, and when combined with our famous stuffed crust - it's really is a match-made in cheesy heaven. We can't wait for our guests to try it!"

There's only one catch , the Mac 'N' Cheese Stuffed Crusts are only available in Pizza Hut restaurants, and not available for delivery.

This previously appeared inGazette Live.

Document MIRUK00020180214ee2e003y3




Money
PUTTING THE BOOT IN Brits pay more than DOUBLE the price for Boots No7 beauty products than they do in America

By Hollie Borland, Digital Consumer Reporter 
504 words
14 February 2018
11:04 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2018 

Boots own brand range of beauty products costs up to 60 per cent less if you buy them in New York, an investigation has found

BRITS are forking out up to 60 per cent MORE for No7 beauty products in Boots than US shoppers.

Even though the pharmacy's own brand range of products is made in the UK, US shoppers are scooping a hefty discount on the exact same products, the Mirror found.

UK shoppers pay more than double for some items, even though they're shipped across the Atlantic to America.

A No7 eye contour brush costs £8 here but costs less than half that in the US for £3.21.

You're better off buying your No7 protect and perfect intense advance day cream from the US too because you'll be saving £4.94. It costs £20.06 in the states and £25 here.

The No7 high shine lip crayon costs £9 in the UK, where as US customers only have to pay out £4.37 - £4.63 LESS - for exactly the same product.

The Mirror checked prices at US chain Walgreens and its sister pharmacy Duane Reade in New York, were the No7 beauty range is sold.

The prices shown take into account the 8.875 per cent sales tax added to price tags in the US state.

Even though the added tax is one of the highest in the the US, the prices are still much cheaper to buy in America than they are in the UK.

A Boots spokesperson told the Mirror: "We offer UK customers great value in lots of ways we know they really appreciate."

You can save money at Boots with their 3 for 2 offers and the Boots Advantage card.

It seems that Brits have been penalised once again on price tags for living on the wrong side of the Atlantic.

We revealed that four out of five popular Christmas presents were cheaper to buy stateside than in the UK.

For example, Abercrombie & Fitch jeans are £24 in New York but £68 in London while a Lightning McQueen toy car is £15 compared to £32.

And it's not just America. We also pay more for flights to Europe than Europe pays to fly to the UK.

On average, flights between the UK and Barcelona cost an average £494 more than those leaving Barcelona.

Shoppers could be falling for extortionate price hikes on UK soil too. We've taken a look at how much more we're paying for branded cold and flu medicines than unbranded ones.We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team? Email us at money@the-sun.co.ukor call 0207 78 24516.Don't forget to join the Sun Money's Facebook group for the latest bargains and money-saving advice.

Document THESUK0020180214ee2e0040n




Pensions
Relief for final salary members as pension deficits halve in a month

By Sam Brodbeck 
504 words
14 February 2018
04:16 AM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2018. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

A "perfect cocktail" of rising interest rates and stock markets has wiped £50bn from the deficits of Britain's "final salary" pension funds over the past month alone.

Corporate schemes must meet the pension promises made to retired staff - but in recent years the value of liabilities has far outweighed schemes' assets. As a result most have been in deficit since the financial crisis.

But the latest figures from the Pension Protection Fund, the statutory "lifeboat" fund, show that the combined deficit of Britain's nearly 6,000 schemes fell from £104bn to £51bn at the end of January.

Shortfalls are at their lowest level since the start of 2014. The schemes' aggregate funding ratio, a measure of how assets cover liabilities, increased from 94pc to 97pc.

The recent high-profile collapse of firms with large final salary schemes such as BHS and Carillion has thrust the security of legacy pension funds into the spotlight and left members fearing for their retirement income.

Although pensions paid by failed companies are guaranteed by the PPF, there has been a steep rise in the numbers of people transferring out of schemes.

The PPF values liabilities on the basis of how much it would cost to insure the pensions on the open market. The yield on government bonds is the main factor, with even tiny movements adding or deducting billions of pounds from liabilities.

What is the Pension Protection Fund? According to the PPF, the dramatic fall in deficits was caused by a small increase in the yield on 15-year gilts, which offset a small decrease in the overall value of assets.

Markets falls in recent weeks are likely to have reversed some of those gains already, but it is too early to see the effect of this in the PPF's analysis.

Calum Cooper of Hymans Robertson, a pensions consultancy, said the fall was caused by a "perfect cocktail of steady stock market returns as a result of enthusiasm around President Trump's tax reforms, as well as modest increases in gilt yields".

However, he warned that in isolation the figure did not paint an accurate picture of the health of schemes.

The UK's pensions timebomb: which companies have the biggest black holes? "When the industry starts measuring what matters - the chances of members receiving the pensions they expect in good times and bad - instead of just deficits, we'll develop investment, covenant [the strength of the guarantees offered by the companies behind the schemes] and funding strategies that will sustainably improve these outcomes for our pensioners," he said.

Companies supporting schemes with deficits are required to produce a "recovery plan", approved by the pensions regulator, usually every three years. This makes the timing of the valuation incredibly important.

These recovery plans normally lead to millions of pounds of extra funding, which firms have argued prevents them from reinvesting in their business.

sam.brodbeck@telegraph.co.uk

Document TELUK00020180213ee2d004bp




News
Carillion 'trampled over rights of pension scheme members' - Frank Field

By James Rodger 
504 words
6 February 2018
08:49 AM
birminghammail.co.uk
EVEMONL
English
© 2018 Trinity Mirror 

A joint hearing of the Commons Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee and the Work and Pensions Committee will examine events

Executives from collapsed construction giant Carillion face a tough grilling as they appear before MPs on Tuesday.

A joint hearing of the Commons Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee and the Work and Pensions Committee will examine events leading up to the business failure which has led to the loss of more than 800 jobs.

Ahead of the session, Work and Pensions Committee chairman Frank Field said: "It is clear that the directors of this company trampled over the rights of their tens of thousands of pension scheme members.

"Their main focus was paying out fat dividends and bonuses that exceeded their cash flow, all the while stiffing their suppliers, borrowing mega sums of money, and allowing their liabilities and pension deficit to balloon to ruinous levels.

"Clear warning signs were evident several years ago in the assessments of the company's commitment to its pension schemes.

"Yet as late as 2015, Richard Adam, one of the directors appearing before us ... gave a farcically optimistic report to the pension trustees."

377 staff to be made redundant after Carillion collapse

The two committees published documents from Carillion's pension covenant assessors, Gazelle Corporate Finance, going back to 2012, which MPs claim "flag up a number of warning signs about the company's position and illustrate the chronic underfunding of the schemes and the low priority Carillion directors gave their pension obligations".

The hearings come after a further 452 jobs were lost as a result of the collapse.

Hundreds more job losses after Carillion collapse

The Official Receiver said the jobs cover a variety of roles connected with private and public contracts across the country, as well as back office functions.

The losses are on top of 377 announced on Friday.

West Midlands set for 17,000 new construction jobs

Wolverhampton-based Carillion was placed into liquidation on January 15 after struggling with £900 million of debt and a pension deficit of £590 million.

It was working on the newMidland Metropolitan Hospitalin Smethwick, the £700 millionParadise project in Birmingham city centreand thedesign of tunnels for the new HS2rail line between Birmingham and London.

Carillion latest

It also has a host of public sector contracts in fields such as education and for the Ministry of Defence and NHS.

The Official Receiver said: "We appreciate this will be a difficult time for those who have lost their jobs.

"Jobcentre Plus' Rapid Response Service stands ready to support any of these employees by providing advice and information so people can move into a new job as quickly as possible.

"People who have been made redundant will also be entitled to make a claim for statutory redundancy payments.

"Our efforts are focused on the smooth transfer of Carillion's contracts to new providers and we will continue to keep Carillion's workforce updated as these arrangements are finalised."

Document EVEMONL020180205ee25001mg




Small change could mean big savings for families

Jacob Steimer 
504 words
1 February 2018
Memphis Business Journal
MBJ
English
© 2018 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved. 

A major expansion of a little-known tax break could offer significant help to some local parents, though the bulk of the benefit is likely years away.

The 529 plan, which allows families to save money for education tax-free, was significantly expanded by the federal tax overhaul signed into law in December. Previously, 529s only applied to saving for college; families can now use 529 funds to pay for private elementary, middle and high school tuition.

While the change sounds like it could help more families send their children to private schools, local and national experts expressed skepticism on how large the impact would be.

"Maybe in some families' cases, it would give them the opportunity to afford private school when they couldn't otherwise, [but] I don't think we're expecting a dramatic effect - a dramatic increase in enrollment," said Briarcrest Christian School president Mark Merrill.

Campaign for School Equity director Mendell Grinter, whose Memphis-based organization advocates that low-income families need access to high- quality education choices, said the expansion is unlikely to help the families he works with.

U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos shares the sentiment.

"Anything that empowers parents and gives them more opportunities is a good thing, but [the 529 expansion] doesn't address the needs of parents who are from lower incomes and does not empower them in significant ways," DeVos said, according to multiple media reports.

Tom Hood, president of St. Agnes Academy-St. Dominic School, said local private schools are a couple of years away from knowing whether the expansion will have any impact on enrollment.

Hood, Merrill and Kyle Gowen, director of investments for Duncan Williams Asset Management, all think it will have more of an effect on families who already send their children to private schools and likely already use 529 plans to save for college. Gowen, whose clients often choose private schools for their kids, said he expects those families to become more proactive about putting large sums of money into the 529 plans sooner.

Merrill is hopeful the expansion will benefit Briarcrest families, especially those with younger children. He emphasized families with younger children because the plan's primary benefit is its allowance for savings to grow tax-free year after year. The hope is, if families with young children start investing in a 529 plan now, it could help them pay for private school in the future.

Since the families who will be helped most by the expansion are primarily wealthier than families whose children attend public schools, the expansion has been criticized by many.

"I have yet to find a specific part of the tax code that is more skewed to the affluent than 529s," Richard Reeves, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, told CNN Money.

Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe to Memphis Business Journal for more articles and leads? Visit bizjournals.com/subscribe or call 1-866-853-3661.

Document MBJ0000020180201ee2100001




Guaranteed Rate Named a Best Overall Online Mortgage Lender and a Best FHA Mortgage Lender for Refinance by NerdWallet

504 words
31 January 2018
02:30 AM
GlobeNewswire
PZON
English
© Copyright 2018 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Guaranteed Rate Named a Best Overall Online Mortgage Lender and a Best FHA Mortgage Lender for Refinance by NerdWallet

Chicago, Jan. 30, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Guaranteed Rate, one of the largest retail mortgage lenders in the nation, was named a Best Overall Online Lender and a Best FHA Mortgage Lender for Refinance by the popular personal finance news site NerdWallet. NerdWallet's Best-of Awards Program recognizes industry-leading options for consumers across a variety of financial products. As part of providing consumers with clear and objective recommendations for all their financial decisions, NerdWallet evaluated dozens of financial products across multiple product categories to identify the best options of the year.

"I am thrilled to congratulate the winners of NerdWallet's 2018 Best-of Awards Program on their industry-leading personal finance products," said Tim Chen, co-founder and chief executive officer at NerdWallet. "Consumers have more choice than ever when it comes to personal finance products, and our Best-of Awards highlight those that truly rise to the top. We're very fortunate to work with partners who deliver products that help consumers with all of their financial needs."

"NerdWallet is an impressive personal finance resource for consumers and we are honored to be recognized," says Guaranteed Rate Founder and CEO Victor Ciardelli. "Our FHA loan volume increased 23 percent from 2016 to 2017 and we were the first mortgage lenders to launch the Digital Mortgage so we're thrilled with these accolades. We continually improve our platforms to provide the most transparent and best possible customer experience. Additionally, at any time our experienced loan originators can advise during the process, answer questions and ensure borrowers are clear about all of the options that best fit their individual circumstances."

About Guaranteed Rate

Guaranteed Rate is one of the largest retail mortgage lenders in the United States. Headquartered in Chicago, the company has approximately 195 offices across the U.S. and Washington, D.C., and is licensed in all 50 states. Since its founding in 2000, Guaranteed Rate has helped hundreds of thousands of homeowners with home purchase loans and refinances and funded nearly $23 billion in loans in 2016 alone. The company has become the Home Purchase Experts(R) by introducing the world's first Digital Mortgage technology and offering low rate, low fee mortgages through an easy-to-understand process and unparalleled customer service. Guaranteed Rate won an American Business Award for its Digital Mortgage technology in 2016, ranked No. 1 in Scotsman Guide's Top Mortgage Lenders 2016, was chosen as Top Lender 2016 and 2017 by Chicago Agent magazine and made the Chicago Tribune's Top Workplaces list seven of the past eight years. Visit Rate.com for more information.

Attachments:

A photo accompanying this announcement is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/8ff26b90-abfb-49da-b0f5-9bf452f454cb


Grace Bondy 
Guaranteed Rate 
517-672-8001 
grace.bondy@rate.com 
 

(END)

Document PZON000020180130ee1u0008b




Massachusetts Home Inspectors Opens for Business

504 words
26 January 2018
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2018, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Massachusetts - Getting a thorough home inspection is imperative if homeowners are looking to engage in any portion of a real estate transaction. Regardless of whether homeowners are buying or selling, home inspections can prove invaluable for allowing the process to go smoothly and efficiently. However, it can be difficult for homeowners to discern how to go about obtaining a home inspection that is both thorough and affordable. Luckily Massachusetts Home Inspectors is now in business and is ready to help potential home buyers and sellers make intelligent decisions in order to obtain their dream properties.

Massachusetts Home Inspectors serves in a variety of roles from commercial inspector to residential inspector as well as roof checkup specialist, mold and pest inspector, and infrared and radon identifier. Homeowners can feel relaxed when working with this Massachusetts home inspector because they provide free inspection quotes with just one phone call, and if they don't have the expertise homeowners are looking for, they will refer them to someone who does at no charge. Home inspections can provide buyers and sellers with much-needed leverage in the negotiation process of property purchasing proving to be one of the most important steps of the real estate transaction process.

While the common term "home inspection" may suggest that it is only important for those interested in buying and selling residential property to engage in inspections, that is not true. It is an equally important, if not more important, endeavor for businesses to engage in when buying or selling commercial property. It can be extremely difficult for businesses to save money and stay on their feet, especially when they are just getting started. Buying commercial property is a huge undertaking that should not be taken lightly. Business owners in Massachusetts should pay very close attention to the process of choosing a commercial property inspector because purchasing a viable piece of commercial property could mean the difference between success and failure for the business. Conveniently for property owners and potential buyers Massachusetts Home Inspectors services both residential and commercial properties making them a one-stop shop for all Massachusetts residents' property inspection needs.

Residential and commercial property inspections may seem like an unnecessary chore, but they can prove invaluable for property owners by catching problems early. Massachusetts Home Inspectors strives to make the process as streamlined and uncomplicated as possible. This company makes MA home inspections quick and painless at https://finecombhomeinspections.com/massachusetts/, getting people well on their way to becoming first-time homeowners or current homeowners to make the next big property step in their lives.

Media Contact

Company Name: Massachusetts Home Inspectors

Contact Person: Mike Hunter

Email: press@finecombhomeinspections.com

Phone: (617)553-6656

Country: United States

Website: https://finecombhomeinspections.com/

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020180129ee1q00130




News
Your money: How to save on your household bills

By birminghammail 
504 words
22 January 2018
06:00 PM
birminghampost.co.uk
BMPONL
English
© 2018 Trinity Mirror 

There are savings to be made within the four walls of your home - here's our handy guide to reducing your monthly bills

New year, new you, right?

Along with a new gym membership and spring clean of your house, now is a good time to give your finances a thorough going over too.

Savings can be made in the unlikeliest of places and a good look at your household bills might throw up the chance to save a few quid.

According to the Office for National Statistics, the average family spends £7.40 a week on water, £11.50 on electricity or £10.70 on gas.

So what can be done to shave off the spends this January?

Here, we look at seven ways to save money on your household bills.

It might sound simple but late payment fees can wipe out hard-earned savings so make sure you pay your bills on time.

It is also advisable to pay for regular bills monthly by direct debit, keep a record of payments and plan ahead.

You can reduce your energy bills and get cashback on top in minutes, according to Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis.

He writes: "Remember, it's the same gas, same electricity, same pipes and safety; only the price and billing processes really change."

Check if you're in one of up to 400,000 households in England and Scotland who've overpaid their council tax by being in the wrong band.

Taking ten minutes out now to check you're in the correct band is well worth the effort.

Shopping for food is very much part of the household expenditure but even slight behavioural changes can save you cash.

Firstly, swap the premium shops like Waitrose and M&S Food to cheaper supermarket chains - use them only for treat items.

Also, try to beat the psychology of the supermarket experience by not just buying brands that are stocked at eye level as these tend to be the most profitable.

Almost 60 per cent of homes are sticking to the big six standard energy tariffs and typically overpaying by more than £300+ a year.

It may take a bit of searching and comparison work but changing suppliers could save you a fortune.

Prices are very rarely set in stone when it comes to household bill providers so don't be shy when it comes to paying the best price.

For things like broadband or your mobile phone provider, if you are out of contract or nearing the end of it, you could try to haggle your plan.

With stiff competition in the marketplace, companies are frantically trying to keep hold of customers - use this to your advantage.

This is often the forgotten utility that many people think they can't save on.

However, by fitting a water meter and cutting down on use people have slashed hundreds of pounds off their bills.

It's worth a try.

Document BMPONL0020180122ee1m00001




How to make £100s from selling your RUBBISH - Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis reveals all

Laura Mitchell 
504 words
20 January 2018
12:55 AM
dailystar.co.uk
DAICO
English
Copyright 2018 

YOU can earn money by flogging your trash for cash.

GETTY

RUBBISH TIP: You can make some extra cash by selling your trash

It may sound like a joke, but people are actually willing to pay for your rubbish.

From loo roll tubes to empty perfume bottles, you could earn hundreds from flogging your unwanted leftovers.

A jam jar can fetch up to £1.35, a loo roll tube 35p and glass coffee jars sells for between £1.75 and £5.

Other items that sell well online include Champagne corks , glass ramekins and broken coat hangers . These amounts might seem small, but it can really add up over time.

Martin Lewis, founder of moneysavingexpert.com, reveals how you can make the most cash for your trash.

GETTY

CASH FOR TRASH: A loo roll tube will get around 35p online

"Your recycling or rubbish bin's full of items in hot demand among those doing arts and crafts," Martin explains on his website.

How should I sell my rubbish?

Martin recommends a few different sites, some of which charge a fee. Here are his top four options:

1. eBay

"eBay appears to have the widest range of these items, and is usually the first port of call for selling unwanted goods online," said Martin.

However, you can only list 20 items a month on the site and it charges you 10% of the price of every sold item.

How to get rich without any qualifications in pictures

2. Gumtree

This is another hugely popular site for selling unwanted goods and it doesn't charge anything. However, there is less formal seller protection than with eBay.

3. Preloved

Again there is no charge to sell on Preloved, but they don't offer the same protection as eBay

GETTY

MONEY: Champagne corks fetch around 70p each

4. Facebook groups or Facebook Marketplace

This is a good way to sell stuff to people in your local community. It is free of charge but Martin doesn't recommend posting products to strangers.

"It's best to meet buyers face-to-face," he said.

Tips to save money 2016 coupon charity shop auction credit cards in pictures

How to make the most money from your rubbish?

Here are Martin's top tips:

1. Only sell your junk if it's in decent condition

2. Upload quality snaps so buyers know exactly what they're getting

3. Use the right keywords

4. Don't forget postage costs.

5. Save on packaging

Here are six other easy ways to make money without leaving your house.

For more information see moneysavingexpert.com/family/flog-your-rubbish-for-cash

Related articles 'Save £1,000s in just ONE hour' Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis reveals 10 easy tips How to make £662 from home TODAY - Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis reveals all Get PAID to watch TV: Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis reveals how to earn £40-£70 a pop

Document DAICO00020180119ee1j003pd




Higher contributions, market returns pump up U.S. pension plans

Lee Conrad 
504 words
3 January 2018
Financial Planning Online
FPLFO
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2018 Arizent. All rights reserved. 

Higher contributions, market returns pump up U.S. pension plans in 2017

Corporate pension plans saw an increase in assets and reduced deficits in 2017 as a result of higher contributions by companies and robust market performance, according to this article from The Wall Street Journal. A report from Willis Towers Watson shows that the funded ratio for defined benefit pension plans at Fortune 1000 firms rose to 83% at the end of 2017 from 81% posted at the same time of 2016. Company contributions jumped to $51 billion last year from $43 billion in 2016, with deficits of these pension plans dropping to $293 billion in 2017 from $317 billion recorded the previous year.

The unexpected resiliency of retirement assets

A study by the BlackRock Retirement Institute and the Employee Benefit Research Institute has found that most present-day retirees have preserved 80% of their savings even after nearly 20 years since they retired, according to this article on Nasdaq. More than a third of these retirees even saw an increase in their retirement assets, the study found. While current retirees manage to keep their finances afloat, the case might be different for future retirees because of factors that include increased longevity, decline in pension and financial woes facing Social Security.

One thing clients can do now to improve odds of retiring soon

To improve their chance of retiring early, seniors should do a quick assessment of their retirement prospects even while still working, writes an expert for Money. Those who have already retired should strive to find ways to enjoy their savings and have a rewarding retirement, writes the expert. "To the extent you can resolve to examine your retirement spending over the coming year and look for tweaks that can give you a bigger happiness bang for your buck, the better your chances of having a satisfying and enjoyable retirement."

5 steps to play retirement catch-up

Clients are advised to catch up on retirement if they are not confident about their prospects, according to this article from Forbes. This means that they should make their financial plan up-to-date, make the most of the tax breaks offered by their retirement accounts and put retirement saving ahead of their children's needs. They should also pay off their debt as early as possible and free more funds for a savings plan. Doing a dry-run of retirement is also recommended so they can make changes to their financial plan and better prepare for the golden years.

This rollover mistake can sink your retirement savings

An expert warns clients to opt for a direct trustee-to-trustee or a bank-to-bank transfer when rolling over an IRA, according to this article on CNBC. "Be very careful to avoid this fatal trap of getting caught in the once-per-year IRA rollover rule," says the expert. "If you do a second rollover, it's taxable. It cannot be fixed."

Document FPLFO00020180103ee13000m9




Student borrowers under most stress in New York City's poorest areas

504 words
16 December 2017
09:32 AM
Reuters News
LBA
English
Copyright 2017 Thomson Reuters. All Rights Reserved. 

NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York's poorest neighborhoods are home to the city's student borrowers under the most stress, according to a central bank report released on Friday showing "troublingly high" loan default and delinquency rates mainly in the Bronx and Brooklyn.

The Federal Reserve Bank of New York report, billed as the first neighborhood-level study of student loans in any U.S. city, showed that borrowers in New York had on average $34,900 in debt, 18 percent above the national average. About 1 million, or 15 percent, of residents had loans, totaling $34.8 billion of the country's $1.3 trillion in student debt.

Borrowers aged 45 and older and those with lower student loan balances struggled the most, the report on the largest U.S. city found. Bronx borrowers had an average balance of $14,784 compared with $21,483 for those in Manhattan.

Student loans account for a growing share of the total U.S. debt of $12.8 trillion, and delinquency rates have remained stubbornly high since 2004, a trend that has perplexed and concerned some policymakers.

The report suggests poorer borrowers are bearing the brunt of this trend that New York Fed President William Dudley has warned could ultimately hurt overall U.S. home ownership and consumer spending. Delinquencies and defaults damage borrowers' credit reports, hampering their ability to make investments and climb the economic ladder.

New York's lower-income neighborhoods had disproportionately high delinquency and default rates, and successful repayments varied widely across its five boroughs and many neighborhoods, the report found. The New York Fed defined low-income areas as those with residents earning less than $35,900 annually, while high-income was more than $72,301.

The Bronx, the northernmost borough with the city's lowest median household income of $35,302 last year, had the most student-loan distress and was home to four of the five neighborhoods with the highest default rates, the report said. They included Belmont, Crotona Park East and Hunts Point. The other neighborhood, Brownsville/Ocean Hill, is in Brooklyn, in the city's southeast, which had $50,640 in median income according to the U.S. Census Bureau.

The lowest-income neighborhoods had a 20 percent delinquency rate, more than twice that of the highest income neighborhoods, particularly Manhattan which had a median household income of $75,513 last year.

More than half of student borrowers in high-income areas reported successfully paying down their loans, compared with about a quarter in low-income areas.

"We hope that this report will serve as a foundation for policymakers and other stakeholders to develop pragmatic solutions that can provide relief to struggling borrowers," the authors wrote.

The report, based on the New York Fed's consumer credit data, urged programs to assist with enrollment and educate borrowers on repayment programs.

(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Richard Chang) 

Released: 2017-12-15T22:32:08.000Z

Document LBA0000020171215edcf010vu




Workers weigh pension opt-out as contributions set to rise

William Robins 
504 words
11 December 2017
Citywire
CWIRE
English
(c) 2017 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved. 

Around 12% of workers are thinking of opting out of their workplace pension when minimum contributions rise next April, according to insurer Aviva. However, the majority look set to stay put.

Reported in The Daily Telegraph, research by insurer Aviva of 2,007 private sector workers found that 4% of people had already decided they would opt out of their workplace pension next year, while 50% said they planned to stay enrolled.

As it stands, minimum auto-enrolment contributions are 2% (split equally between employee and employer). Next April it will rise to an employer minimum of 2% and employee minimum contribution of 3%; 5% in total. Then in 2019 it will rise again to 8% in total; 3% from the employer and 5% from employee.

Aviva has already called for the government to raise the minimum contribution much higher, to 12.5% by 2028.

Research carried out by Citywire earlier this year showed an 8% total contribution would still leave savers short of a £200,000-plus pot by retirement. Previous pensions minister, Richard Harrington said £200,000 was about the amount people should be aiming to save by retirement.

The average salary in the UK is just under £27,000, according to the Office for National Statistics, and Harrington assumed people wanted to retire on two-thirds of their salary.

With the new state pension of around £8,000 per year, there would be a £10,000 per year gap to make up annual retirement incomes of £18,000.

Auto-enrolment was introduced in 2012, since when over 8.5 million people have joined a workplace scheme.

The policy has so far been viewed as a resounding success, turning around free-falling participation rates to a point where the vast majority now save into some form of workplace pension.

Recently the economist, Richard Thaler, whose nudge theory inspired auto-enrolment, was awarded a Nobel prize.

However, a review of the policy is underway and new challenges have emerged over the years since auto-enrolment was launched.

Earnings have not risen as quickly as had been anticipated when auto-enrolment was given the green light in 2010, and the intervening years have also seen the rise of the so-called 'gig economy'.

Writing in The Times, Paul Johnson, director for the Institute of Fiscal Studies, said in 2010 earnings were expected to soon recover to pre-recession levels, but instead 'that has failed to happen to a spectacular degree'.

He said: 'What is worrying for government is that earnings are again rising less quickly than prices, while automatic contribution rates are due to rise? Whether present coverage rates of 90% or so will survive these increases remains to be seen. If they do, one consequence will be an even bigger squeeze on earnings and on take-home pay. The power of inertia could see income, consumption and living standards suffer more than was ever envisaged by the architects of the scheme'.

Document CWIRE00020171211edcb000b7



Money
HEAT IS ON Last day to sign up for The Big Deal, The Sun's Big Six-beating gas and electricity deal negotiated by us to save your money

By Daniel Jones, Consumer Editor 
504 words
11 December 2017
10:12 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2017 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

Our exclusive energy plan saves the average family over £200 - almost a fifth of their bills for thousands of users

IT'S your last chance to grab The Sun's Big Six-busting gas and electricity deal.

Readers have until the end of today to take up our exclusive energy tariff.

The deal saves families an average of £200-plus. And it is cutting thousands of bills by a fifth. It is only available through The Sun and closes forever at midnight tonight - Monday December 11.

The average annual bill with challenger company Green Network Energy is £895 a year. That is a £237 saving compared with the Big Six price of £1,132 per family.

And if you pay by cheque or cash you will save even more. The price is fixed for 18 months - six months longer than most deals. So there is no need to worry about rises until 2020.

The offer is The Sun's sixth People Power campaign. We used the bargaining power of thousands of Sun readers to negotiate it. And 22,000 of you have switched, saving an average of £275 each and £6million-plus in total.

Pop in your email, postcode and a bit of info. You'll be given a personal quote and you can decide then if you want the deal. No worries if you don't.

Or you can text DEAL to 88802 (standard charges apply) to get all the info.

What they'd save in the soaps

TO give you an idea of what you could be missing out on, we've checked out the savings that could be made by the families from soaps.

The characters we looked at are Coronation Street's low user Rita Tanner, medium user Louis Loveday from Hollyoaks and EastEnders' high user Ian Beale.

How will your savings compare?

LOW USER: Rita's one-bed flat

CORRIE'S Rita Tanner could make a big saving on bills thanks to The Sun's deal.

Energy prices at her one-bedroom flat above The Kabin are likely to cost her around £775 a year.

That could drop to around £623 under the new deal. SAVES £152

HIGH USER: Ian's 4/5 bed

IAN Beale could be paying around £1,576 a year to keep his large four or five-bedroom Victorian home running on EastEnders' Albert Square.

But he could see his bills drop to around £1,235 with our deal - a massive saving. SAVES £341

MEDIUM USER: Louis's 2/3 bed

HOLLYOAKS' Louis Loveday is potentially paying around £1,132 a year on his three-bedroom flat in Chester-set Hollyoaks.

But if he was to sign up to The Sun's energy deal, as a medium user he could see his costs plummet to £895 a year. SAVES £237

Document THESCOT020171210edca0080z


Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:31 PM
    
