 
REAL ESTATE
20 Recent IRS Enforcement Actions in Conservation Easement Disputes: Awareness and Preparation Are Key

Hale E Sheppard 
504 words
1 March 2021
Journal of Taxation
JTX
15-28,30
Volume 134; Issue 3; ISSN:00224863
English
© 2021 Journal of Taxation. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

A donation has an acceptable "conservation purpose" if it meets at least one of the following requirements: (i) it preserves land for outdoor recreation by, or the education of, the general public; (ii) it preserves a relatively natural habitat of fish, wildlife, or plants, or a similar ecosystem; (iii) it preserves open space (including farmland and forest land) for the scenic enjoyment of the general public and will yield a significant public benefit; (iv) it preserves open space (including farmland and forest land) pursuant to a federal, state, or local governmental conservation policy and will yield a significant public benefit; or (v) it preserves a historically important land area or a certified historic structure.2 Taxpayers memorialize the donation to charity by filing a public Deed of Conservation Easement or similar document ("Deed").

 [...]the appraiser identifies the FMV, taking into account the restrictions on the property imposed by the conservation easement, which creates the "after" value.10 The difference between the "before" value and "after" value of the property, with certain other adjustments, produces the value of the donation. The taxpayer must (i) obtain a "qualified appraisal" from a "qualified appraiser," (ii) demonstrate that the land trust is a "qualified organization," (iii) obtain a Baseline Report adequately describing the condition of the property at the time of the donation and the reasons why it is worthy of protection, (iv) complete a Form 8283 (Noncash Charitable Contributions) and have it executed by all relevant parties, (v) assuming that the taxpayer is a partnership, file a timely Form 1065, enclosing Form 8283 and the qualified appraisal, (vi) receive from the land trust a "contemporaneous written acknowledgement," both for the easement itself and for any endowment/stewardship fee donated to finance perpetual protection of the property, and (vii) send all the partners their Schedules K-1 (Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, Credits, etc.) and a copy of Form 8283.15 Congressional Actions Congress has generally recognized the deductibility of a partial interest in real property for more than five decades, since 1969.16 Then, in 1980, Congress enacted Section 170(h), thereby allowing landowners to claim a tax deduction for the donation of conservation easements.17 It provided the following explanation for codifying this environmental and financial benefit: [...]in 2006, Congress added a definition of "qualified appraiser," lowered the threshold at which the IRS could assert penalties based on erroneous appraisals, and made the tax deduction even more appealing to taxpayers by allowing them to deduct up to 50 percent of their adjusted gross incomes (instead of 30 percent) and to carry forward unused deductions for up to 15 years (instead of five years).19 Congress later extended these enhanced benefits several times, from 2008 through 2014.20 It made them permanent in 2015.21 The IRS and/ or Treasury Department has cautioned Congress every step of the way about potential abuses in the conservation easement context.

Document JTX0000020210505eh3100009




Rollins College and Sodexo Launch New Program to Support Money to Student Emergency Fund Through Cookie Sales

Sodexo, Inc.
504 words
26 February 2021
3BL Media
BLMD
English
Copyright 2021. 3BL Media, LLC. 

ORLANDO, Fla., February 26, 2021, /3BL Media/ - Rollins College, a private liberal arts college located in Orlando, and its food management partner Sodexo are raising money to support students who have experienced financial distress due to the pandemic. Rollins established the Student Emergency Fund as a resource for students who are unable to meet essential expenses due to temporary hardships. With 95% of students at Rollins receiving some type of financial aid the fund is necessary to help students with emergency expenses.

In fall 2020, Rollins gave $67,000 in student emergency aid, and its administration received over 200 Emergency Fund applicants related to COVID-19 financial burdens. The Fund awarded financial support to 178 students. In order to continue the Emergency Fund, Sodexo partnered with Rollins College President Cornwell's wife Peg to mass produce her famous cookie recipe and sell them to donate the profits to the Fund. Download high-res images here.

"I am delighted to be a small part of this collaborative effort between Rollins Catering and the Rollins Student Emergency fund to provide resources for students' emergency expenses," says Peg Cornwell.

The project is ongoing and cookie sales will continue at the end of every month. They will be sold at retail locations around campus, including the C-store, Bush Cafe, Bookmark Café and Cornell Cafe. Cookies will also be shipped to Rollins alumni who want to contribute to the cause. All profits will continue to support the Student Emergency Fund.

About Sodexo North America

Sodexo North America is part of a global, Fortune 500 company with a presence in 64 countries. Sodexo is a leading provider of integrated food, facilities management and other services that enhance organizational performance, contribute to local communities and improve quality of life for millions of customers in corporate, education, healthcare, senior living, sports and leisure, government and other environments daily. The company employs 160,000 people at 13,500 sites in all 50 U.S. states and Canada, and indirectly supports tens of thousands of additional jobs through its annual purchases of $17B in goods and services from small to large businesses. Sodexo is committed to supporting diversity and inclusion and safety, while upholding the highest standards of corporate responsibility and ethical business conduct. In support of local communities across the U.S., in 2019, the Sodexo Stop Hunger Foundation mobilized 37,000 Sodexo volunteers to distribute 3.2 million meals to help 2.3 million children and adults meet their immediate food needs. Since 1996, the Stop Hunger Foundation has contributed $34.5 million to help feed children in America impacted by hunger. To learn more about Sodexo, visit?us.sodexo.com and connect with us on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube.

###

Tweet me: .@rollinscollege and its food management partner @sodexoUSA are raising money to support students who have experienced financial distress due to the pandemic. https://bit.ly/37Q1PJK 

Document BLMD000020210325eh2q00034


News
Door handles removed from Courtice retirement home highlights need for better whistleblower protections: union

504 words
26 February 2021
Clarington This Week
CLARWK
English
Copyright 2021. Metroland Media Group Ltd. Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction or distribution is prohibited without permission. All Rights Reserved. 

The ongoing investigation into a Courtice retirement home - after an unknown number of residents had their door handles removed - is illustrating the need for better whistleblower protection for workers, according to the union.

"One of our members did, in fact, whistleblow. We have since made statements about needing meaningful whistleblower protection," said Stella Yeadon, a Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE) communications spokesperson. "The fact that there's very little regulatory oversight at retirement homes is a problem."

Yeadon said the local union representatives are focused on protecting the identity of the White Cliffe Terrace Retirement Residence whistleblower. Even the Ontario CUPE office doesn't know which Courtice worker raised concerns about the unknown number of residents being allegedly trapped in their rooms.

"Even though they've done a good thing - no one denies whistle-blowing is a good thing - there's no safety in whistle-blowing," said Yeadon.

Retirement home workers need their jobs, and many work in a culture that relies heavily on disciplinary measures, Yeadon added. During times of short-staffing, staff may fear being disciplined for not completing tasks on time, and when mistakes occur, discipline is often imposed on front-line staff without considering all the mitigating factors involved, a CUPE statement added.

Whistleblowers are protected under the Long Term Care Homes Act - it protects them from reprisal for contacting Ministry of Long Term care inspectors or to a coroner during an inquest.

Clarington Councillor Corinna Trail, who early in her law career worked briefly in labour law, said she has concerns about the fact the statute says that retaliation and reprisal are offences but does not prescribe any penalties for these offences. She said the existing health-care worker legislation should be amended to include whistleblower protections and should also add stringent penalties for violations.

"Personal support workers (PSWs) are particularly vulnerable because many of these jobs are low paying. When I was a lawyer for a union which represented PSWs at several long-term care facilities, many of the staff worked several jobs, sometimes even working at more than one long-term care facility to make ends meet. Often, these employees were single parents and visible minorities," Coun. Traill said via email.

The lesson to be taken from the investigation at White Cliffe Terrace is the provincial legislators should make the necessary changes to existing legislation to protect health-care workers, residents in long-term care, and their families, Coun. Traill added.

CUPE plans to advocate more for better whistleblower protections for front-line workers in retirement homes in light of the incident at White Cliffe Terrace, Yeadon explained. She said the issue is complicated by the lack of beds in long-term care homes and inadequate supports for residents with complex needs like dementia.

"The whole issue of elder care in alternative nursing homes and retirement homes is really brought to the forefront," said Yeadon.

- with files from May Warren.

Lead

Document CLARWK0020210227eh2q00002




News Travel,Travel,Travel Deals
SUN, SAND, SIESTA Spain tourist hotspots see more Brits booking this week than 'in the history of tourism' due to pent up demand

Kara Godfrey 
504 words
27 February 2021
04:47 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2021 

BRITS are booking more holidays to Spain in the past week than in the "history of tourism" according to hoteliers.

Toni Mayor, President of the Valencian Hotel Association (HOSBEC) said that the soaring demand was following pent up demand from UK holidaymakers who have missed out on previous holidays due to the pandemic.

While he didn't have exact figures, he told local media that the reservations were being made on a "massive scale" to areas in Valencia which includes Benidorm.

This is despite the UK government yet to give an official date for when foreign holidays can resume.

The announcement, due to be on April 12, is expected to be for the summer with May 17 the earliest possible date, although is more likely to be June 21.

Mr Mayor said, due to bookings already rolling in: "We might open on May 1 instead of May 17."

* Jet2 Holidays all-inclusive holidays in June from £455pp

* Jet2 Holidays self-catering holidays in June from £299pp

* EasyJet Holidays self-catering in June from £296pp

* TUI seven-nights in Benidorm half-board in June from £438pp

While August, September and October booking were continuing to rise, he added that many were still starting from mid-May.

Spain is one of the countries pushing for a vaccine passport which would allow Brits to travel without restrictions if they can prove they have had both jabs.

The country's foreign minister Arancha Gonzalez previously said: "Vaccine passports will make it easier to return to mobility - but it needs to be coordinated.

"What we have in mind is that obviously people with vaccine certificates are in the lower-risk, versus other people who may be on the higher risk and would have to go through the ordinary procedures of PCR tests and the rest.

"But of course there could be some sort of fast-track for people who have gotten their vaccine and can prove it with vaccine certification, that would have it easier, to move around?because they would be in the lower-risk category."

The UK is also leading with the vaccine - more than 17m people have received their first jab, working out to one in three adults, or nearly 27 per cent of the population.

Spain is lagging behind, however - just 4.4. per cent of the overall population has been vaccinated, although the country is one of the highest for giving out both doses of the vaccine.

Benidorm is also relaunching their beach "squares" which tourists have to reserve, despite them causing long queues last summer.

The scheme was originally launched to allow social distancing at the popular beaches, and is restarting from March 1.

Last year, the new mandatory reservations sold out so quickly that tourists were forced to queue for more than two hours to get onto the beach in 30C heat.

Document THESUK0020210226eh2q00fa1




Retirement Weekly
News & Commentary
News and analysis for those planning for or living in retirement; Retirement news and analysis

Alessandra Malito, MarketWatch 
504 words
20 February 2021
01:00 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2021 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Retirement news and analysis

From MarketWatch:

Women are saving more for retirement even as they're suffering from the pandemic: Women have been disproportionately more affected by the effects of COVID-19 than men because of caregiving responsibilities and job loss, yet one new analysis finds they're saving more in their retirement accounts.

Larry King had a secret will that excluded his wife - estate planning gets messy: Two months after filing for divorce, the late night talk show host handwrote a will that would have divided his estate equally among his five children. His wife, with whom the divorce had not been finalized, is contesting that document in court now.

Older workers are suffering more - but all is not lost: Older workers are facing the lowest labor-force participation during the pandemic, and finding a job is often more difficult for older applicants than their younger counterparts. Still, there are ways to combat these statistics - including seeking remote opportunities, networking and shifting perspective.

Also on MarketWatch:

How these entrepreneurs launched profitable home businesses in the pandemic

9 things you can do to remain independent as you age

We owe it to our grandchildren: 2 ways to make a difference

Sitting on a 100% fund? Watch out, says strategist

Baby boomers face financial distress and age discrimination

Why does social media make it so hard to stay sober?

Retirement income security for everyone (RISE) raises many questions

More in retirement news:

Early retirement offer to Massachusetts teachers wins legislative sponsors (Masslive.com)

Tim Tebow is retiring from baseball (New York Post)

Getting ready to retire? Then you need to know your required minimum distribution (MyFox8)

Some retirement communities lure new residents with promise of COVID-19 vaccines (NBC News)

Serena Williams cries over retirement talk after Australian Open loss, crowd wave (INSIDER)

Research and Insight:

Just 43% of workers aware of tax credit for retirement savers (Insurance News Net)

American workplace retirement savings accounts hit new records (Bloomberg)

5 Strategies for tax planning now in retirement (Kiplinger)

International retirement, savings plan grow in popularity (Pensions & Investments)

Big picture helps with retirement finances (Center for Retirement Research at Boston College)

To share with your family, friends and clients:

A Roman goddess inspired this couple to leave Seattle and retire to Italy, where you can live on $3,000 a month

Should I do an online will? Avoid these pitfalls

I'll have $10,000 a month to spend and prefer a city with beautiful outdoors, warm weather and lots of culture - so where should I retire?

These retirees left their pricey life in Santa Cruz, Calif. - and now live on a lake in Mexico on $1,750 a month

I'm looking for a cannabis-friendly red-leaning state with no state income taxes - where should I retire on $60,000 a year?

Want to retire rich? Have a small wedding and invest the rest

Document MRKWC00020210219eh2j0073l




09:19 EST 180 Degree Capital urges Enzo Biochem to accept Rabbani resignation...

504 words
4 February 2021
Theflyonthewall.com
FLYWAL
English
(c) 2021. Theflyonthewall.com.    All Rights Reserved. 

09:19 EST 180 Degree Capital urges Enzo Biochem to accept Rabbani resignation immediately180 Degree Capital Corp. (TURN) issued an open letter to the board and shareholders of Enzo Biochem. (ENZ). The letter read, in part, " 180 is a publicly traded closed-end fund focused on investing in micro capitalization public companies with a constructive, collaborative and collegial activist approach. We currently own 1,147,969 shares, or 2.4%, of Enzo Biochem, and we believe the company is extremely undervalued. I recently sent an email to the ENZ's Board of Directors to set up a time to speak about the results of ENZ's recent proxy vote and overall corporate governance at the company. My email and request have unfortunately thus far gone unanswered. I can only assume that the Board is hard at work trying to create value for its shareholders rather than speaking to shareholders.

 To that point, we are deeply concerned that the current management team is completely incapable of generating a return for its shareholders judging from performance of ENZ's stock during its tenure... The Board's apparent belief that $7.4 million in cash, stock options and other forms of compensation properly reflects Mr. Rabbini's performance as CEO raises what we believe are troubling questions about ENZ's overall corporate governance...At the referenced meeting of shareholders, votes were cast en masse to denounce the egregious and deplorable treatment of shareholders for the benefit of management by not electing Mr. Rabbini to another term as a director. Mr. Rabbani has submitted his resignation, and as of yet, the Board has still not accepted it. We are deeply concerned that the Board may choose to ignore not only the opinion of the two most respected corporate governance organizations in the country, but also the will of the majority of ENZ's shareholders. This isn't a game. ENZ's shareholders voted in a clear and unambiguous manner and it is your responsibility as Board members to act immediately on their behalf...The track record at Enzo is abysmal, and we believe it is about time that the Board takes action and shows accountability to its shareholders. In our view this is a settled issue at this point. We expect you to immediately accept the resignation of Mr. Rabbani. In addition, you should ensure the company has a proper Board that works for the shareholders, find the appropriate new leadership for the business, and determine the best path forward, including all potential strategic alternatives. This falls in your lap. Your shareholders, including 180, are watching. The watchdog governance organizations are watching. Despite your decision to not respond to our efforts to talk about the business with you, we will not remain silent and on the sidelines. We will be activists and take what steps we feel are appropriate to hold accountable those that have caused meaningful destruction of shareholder value and seek to reinstate proper corporate governance at ENZ. "

Document FLYWAL0020210204eh240119q




Money
Universal Credit: How you can claim up to £151 a week extra from PIP benefits

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
4 February 2021
08:42 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2021 Mirror Group Ltd 

Thousands of people in the UK may be entitled to extra help with their finances if they have a long-term health condition -on top of monthly Universal Credit payments

Universal Credit claimants with debilitating health conditions are being reminded they may be eligible for a £151 boost, as ministers remain in dispute over the future of the £20 a week uplift.

Personal Independence Payments PIP are available to vulnerable people with long-term illnesses or a disability.

The extra support was introduced in 2013 and will eventually replace the Disability Living Allowance DLA.

It means you can get financial support if you struggle with moving around or everyday activities, such as getting dressed.

Applicants can get between £23.60 and £151.40 a week from the day they turn 16 until retirement age.

Unlike Universal Credit, PIP is not means-tested, meaning you qualify regardless of any income or tax contributions.

However, you must have a health condition or disability that affects your day-to-day life and should be expected to continue for at least nine months.

You need to have lived in England, Scotland or Wales for at least two of the previous three years to be eligible.

How much support is available

Universal Credit was introduced in 2013 to bring several benefits such as unemployment and housing support into one single payment.

The standard Universal Credit allowance starts at £342.72 but you could also be entitled to up to £151 extra through PIP if you have an illness, disability or mental health condition.

PIP is made up of two parts: daily living and mobility.

To begin with, your condition will be assessed by the Department for Work and Pensions DWP.

They will assess how you cope with tasks such as preparing and eating food, getting dressed and making financial decisions.

The weekly rate could be £59.70 or £89.15 depending how much support you need.

Those with a terminal illness will qualify for the higher rate.

The weekly mobility payment is either £23.60 or £62.25, depending on how hard it is for you to get around.

It is based on criteria such as how well you follow directions and if you can stand and walk unaided.

PIP is monthly, with payments assessed once a year.

Get the latest money advice, news and help straight to your inbox -sign up at mirror.co.uk/email

How to apply for PIP support

You can apply for PIP through the DWP's PIP claims line between 8am and 5pm Monday to Friday.

The number for the DWP PIP claims line is 0800 917 2222 or you can request a postal form by writing to Personal Independence Payment New Claims, Post Handling Site B, Wolverhampton, WV99 1AH.

You can use the Relay UK service if you can't hear or speak on the phone by calling 18001 then 0800 917 2222.

Document MIRUK00020210204eh24002mn


NJ clears big utility to install smart meters, sends the bill to customers

504 words
1 February 2021
Times of Swaziland
TMEWA
English
All material © Times of Swaziland. 

All New Jersey electric utilities have proposed changing their customers meters to digitally networked ones since the state moratorium on them ended last year. These so-called smart meters enable utilities to cut costs and improve some services.

Smart utility meters are a routine extension of improved technology and bound to happen. Theyre already installed on 90 million American homes.

But, as we said when Atlantic City Electric described its proposal last year, paying for them should reflect who benefits most from them.

The state Board of Public Utilities took a different approach recently when it approved New Jerseys biggest utility, Public Service Electric & Gas, to spend $707 million the next four years to install smart meters for 2.3 million customers. Customers will get that bill beginning the next time PSE&G asks for an increase in its base rate for electricity.

One big advantage of the meters for utilities is they allow power usage to be read remotely on a computer. The workers who walk from house to house reading meters wont be needed anymore, eliminating their jobs and substantial costs to utilities. For PSE&G, thats a couple of hundred workers.

The meters also make it easier to manage the power supply, a big help in this age of myriad solar projects putting power into the local grid. And they can detect theft and collect data on customers (which is why we urged New Jersey to set legislative limits on such data collection to preserve privacy).

One smart meter benefit for utilities and customers is pinpointing outages, allowing quicker and more efficient response and repair. The meters also will let customers cut back the power into their homes and businesses at times to trim their bills.

Atlantic City Electric has proposed spending $220 million installing this advanced metering infrastructure for its 560,000 customers throughout South Jersey. The BPUs approval of PSE&Gs plan establishes the framework for approving those of ACE and Jersey Central Power & Light.

ACE customers would pay an additional $4.25 a month or $51 a year for the smart meter project. The utility, which will get most of the benefits, expects to save $220 million over 15 years.

The director of the state Division of the Ratepayer said utilities should pay for smart meters themselves and recoup their investment over time. But under the BPUs scheme, customers will pay for meters that provide lasting savings to utilities and have to hope they recoup their costs in reduced future rate increases granted by the BPU.

We suggested a compromise last year:

Let ACE and its customers split the cost of the meters and after 7.5 years a rate cut could reimburse customers for what they spent on the utilitys new technology.

But it looks like, as with so many costly state clean energy policies, ratepayers will be treated just like taxpayers as a bottomless revenue source for improvement schemes that largely benefit others.

Document TMEWA00020210201eh2100002




Money,Mrs Crunch,Food,Money saving tips,Recipes,The Sun Newspaper
PINING FOR THE SUMMER Brighten up your meals with these fresh and tasty pineapple recipes

Mrs Crunch 
504 words
31 January 2021
07:52 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2021 

IT'S cold, it's dark and we are in lockdown - but some fresh pineapple can brighten up mealtimes and give them a tropical twist.

So here are some tips on preparing the fruit and some tasty recipes that feature it. It's so versatile - great for desserts, savoury dishes, salsas and smoothies.

HOW TO PREPARE A PINEAPPLE

LAY the pineapple on its side and, using a sharp knife, slice off the top and bottom. Make straight, even cuts so you create a flat, stable base on both ends.

Stand the pineapple upright on your cutting board. Securing the pineapple with one hand, the knife with the other, carefully cut from top to bottom to remove the skin. Follow the pineapple's natural curves with your knife. After taking off the skin, remove the brown "eyes" or holes that remain on the flesh.

* FOR RINGS: Slice rounds of the pineapple and remove the core - the tough, woody part in the centre - with a knife or a shaped cutter.

* FOR WEDGES: Cut the pineapple lengthways in halves then quarters. Remove the core by slicing each of these at an angle. Slice into wedges.

* FOR CUBES: Cut each of the four quarters into long batons then slice those into smaller cubes.

Store your pineapple in an airtight container in the fridge, for up to a week. Or freeze for up to a year.

Pineapple upside-down cake

Serves 8 - 30p per serving

Preparation time: 25 minutes

Cooking time: 40 minutes

YOU NEED:

* 170g unsalted butter, softened

* 100g brown sugar

* Zest of 1 lemon

* ½ tsp ground cinnamon

* ¼ fresh pineapple, cut into ½in-thick wedges

* 200g granulated sugar

* 2 large eggs, separated

* 1 tsp vanilla extract

* 2 tsp baking powder

* ¼ tsp salt

* 200g plain flour

* 125g sour cream or plain yoghurt

METHOD:

* Position oven rack in lower third of oven and heat to 180C. Spread 55g of the butter over the bottom of a 9in cake tin. Scatter the brown sugar and cinnamon evenly on top. Arrange the pineapple in an even layer over butter and sugar. Keep it in wedges or chop into chunks. You can also use rings.

* Beat remaining butter, granulated sugar and zest until light and fluffy - should take about 3 minutes with electric mixer on high speed. Add egg yolks and vanilla and beat until smooth. Once fully incorporated, mix in baking powder and salt.

* Slowly add flour, then egg whites and sour cream or yoghurt. Spoon on to pineapple. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until you can put a knife into centre and it comes out clean.

* Allow to rest for 10 minutes before running knife around tin and turning on to serving dish. Serve warm or at room temperature.

GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020210130eh1u00e9y




Business
Charge investors higher rate to cool housing market - economist

Tamsyn Parker 
504 words
27 January 2021
The New Zealand Herald
NZHLD
A024
English
Copyright 2021 NZME Publishing Ltd. 

Banks should be forced to hold more capital against investor mortgages, pushing up the interest rate to help cool the property market, an economist believes.

Jarrod Kerr, chief economist at Kiwibank, said the rampant housing market had "surely taken a negative cash rate off the table". Last year, market expectations were for the official cash rate to go negative this year, but a Government call to the Reserve Bank to take housing into account as part of its decision-making as well as a faster than expected economic recovery has made that less likely.

Kerr said the next best step the Reserve Bank could take would be a reassessment and bank repricing of the risk associated with home loans.

"The risk weighting on home loans could be adjusted, to better reflect the higher risk associated with interest-only and investor loans.

"Applying a higher risk weighting on investor mortgages forces banks to hold more capital against those loans, and ultimately price them differently."

Kerr said someone walking into a bank with a 30 per cent deposit, to upgrade their home, should receive a lower interest rate than a leveraged investor buying their fifth investment property on interest-only.

Banks have already made it harder for investors to get mortgages.

At the end of last year, ASB and BNZ brought back a 30 per cent deposit requirement for investors and ANZ increased its requirement to 40 per cent ahead of a Reserve Bank plan to bring back a 30 per cent loan to value ratio (LVR) from March.

Westpac said it had not changed its requirements for investors despite the LVR being dropped back in April to make loan deferrals possible as the global pandemic began to bite.

Consultation on bringing back the LVR closed on Friday, with the Reserve Bank expected to make a final decision next month, although most consider it a foregone conclusion that the LVRs will be back.

Kelvin Davidson, senior economist at CoreLogic, believes the Reserve Bank could even consider increasing the LVR to 40 per cent for investors this year.

He said it was almost 99.9 per cent certain there would be a 30 per cent deposit requirement from March 1.

"Our attention is probably more what happens after that because if you look back to the end of 2016 when a 40 per cent deposit requirement was brought in, back then we had investors with a high share in the market and rapidly rising house prices, politics were in place - something must be done about the housing market. Then we saw a 40 per cent requirement come in." Davidson said a lot of those conditions were back in play again. "Investors' share in the market is now about 27 per cent which is as high as it was in 2016. It just feels like everything looks the same. We wouldn't be surprised if we ended up at 40 per cent sooner rather than later."

Document NZHLD00020210126eh1r0000x


GLYECO INC: Signs Foreclosure Agreement with NFS Leasing

504 words
22 January 2021
Troubled Company Reporter
TRCOREP
25
English
Copyright 2021. Beard Group, Inc. 

GlyEco, Inc. and GlyEco West Virginia, Inc. (f/k/a Recovery
Solutions & Technologies, Inc.), a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a strict
foreclosure agreement with NFS Leasing, Inc. that consists of the
GlyEco Parties' agreement and consent to NFS's acceptance of
certain collateral pledged by the GlyEco Parties in partial
satisfaction of certain obligations under that certain Amended and
Restated Security Agreement between GlyEco WV and NFS dated May 23,
2019 and the Amended and Restated Security Agreement (and related
documents) between the Company and NFS dated effective as of May
23, 2019, which were previously disclosed in the Company's Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on June 6, 2019. 
 
The Agreement memorializes the GlyEco Parties' consent to NFS's
election to accept the Collateral in partial satisfaction of the
GlyEco Parties' obligations pursuant to the Security Agreements and
the GlyEco Parties' waiver of the right to notice of such election
pursuant to Uniform Commercial Code.
 
The Agreement also provides for NFS's acceptance of the Collateral
in satisfaction of $2,825,725 of the $5,687,026 outstanding due
from the GlyEco Parties to NFS pursuant to the Security Agreements
as of Jan. 13, 2020.  The GlyEco Parties remain liable, jointly and
severally, under the Security Agreements to NFS for the remainder
of the Total Balance of $2,861,301.
 
                      Departure of Directors
 
On Jan. 16, 2020, Dwight Mamanteo, Charles Trapp, Frank Kneller,
and Scott Nussbaum tendered their resignations as directors of the
Company effective immediately.  The resignations were not the
result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating
to its operations, policies, or practices.

                        About GlyEco, Inc.

GlyEco, Inc. -- http://www.glyeco.com -- is a chemical company
focused on technology development and manufacturing of coolants,
additives, and related performance fluids.  The Company serves and
supports the automotive, heavy-duty, and industrial markets. 
GlyEco Inc., located in Institute, West Virginia, is a vertically
integrated company which manufactures ethylene glycol, additives,
and finished fluids.

GlyeCo incurred a net loss of $5.31 million for the year ended Dec.
31, 2018, compared to a net loss of $5.18 million for the year
ended Dec. 31, 2017.  As of March 31, 2019, GlyeCo had $9.20
million in total assets, $11.57 million in total liabilities, and a
total stockholders' deficit of $2.37 million.

KMJ Corbin & Company LLP, in Costa Mesa, California, issued a
"going concern" qualification in its report dated April 1, 2019 on
the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended
Dec. 31, 2018, stating that the Company has experienced recurring
losses from operations, has negative operating cash flows during
the year ended Dec. 31, 2018, has an accumulated deficit of
$47,310,534 as of Dec. 31, 2018 and is dependent on its ability to
raise capital.  These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern.


Document TRCOREP020210123eh1m00017




Money
Virgin Media broadband down leaving hundreds of customers without internet access

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
19 January 2021
01:00 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2021 Mirror Group Ltd 

Virgin Media , which has 3.2million customers in the UK, said it's experiencing a technical outage in parts of the UK affecting millions of people who are working -and studying -from home

Virgin Media customers have been left without access to the internet due to a broadband outage in parts of the UK.

Customers have complained online, stating their landline phones are also out of use as millions are forced to work - and teach from home - due to pandemic restrictions.

The telecoms giant confirmed it's experiencing technical issues in Guildford, Surrey, however despite complaints in other major cities, its status page suggests the service is running as normal across the rest of the UK.

Almost 700 people were struggling to use their internet shortly before 11.30am on Monday, but this number has since fallen to just over 200 on outage tracker DownDetector.

DownDetector also appears to show problems in London, Cardiff and Birmingham although Virgin Media is yet to confirm these regions are affected.

"@virginmedia How do I report and get action on continued poor service/outages Website says status is fine. Calling means lengthy hold. You direct people to forums that can't help with infrastructure/network issues. And in meantime it's been hard to do work on Virgin media network -AGAIN," one customer wrote.

Customers have also been complaining to Virgin Media via Twitter , with some saying they can't home-school due to connectivity issues.

One customer wrote: "#virginmedia out. Seeing all the other messages not going to spend an hour on hold to be told there's no issue. #workfromhome is tricky with no WiFi."

Another person said: "Internet has been down for sustained periods for the last 4 days in W3 in London. Two parents, both trying to work full time and home school two children without the Internet! Absolutely livid!!!!!"

Others claim it's a daily occurrence: "Another day and broadband down again. This is a daily occurrence where I live and with the need to work from home is a disgrace. Can't complain though as you have to wait 2 hours plus on customer service line. Joke."

The telecoms giant has confirmed it's experiencing an outage in Guildford, Surrey, however denied reports of technical issues outside the region.

Is your connection down Let us know in the comments section below

Replying to one customer, Virgin Media tweeted: "We are aware of an outage in your area."

A spokesperson from Virgin Media said an engineer is working on the issue, however insisted that the connectivity issues are in Guildford, only.

A Virgin Media spokesperson said: "We've fixed the local issue which meant customers in the Guildford area briefly lost broadband services this morning and apologise for any inconvenience caused."

Virgin Media has approximately 3.2million customers in the UK.

It comes after the network confirmed it will hike bills by £44 a year for millions of customers .

Document MIRUK00020210118eh1i003xu


Local
Task force to oversee Grey County's LTC redevelopment projects

Denis Langlois 
Owen Sound Sun Times
504 words
16 January 2021
Owen Sound Sun Times
OWNSST
Final
A3
English
Copyright © 2021 Owen Sound Sun Times 

Grey County council has chosen the members of a new committee that will oversee the planning stages of projects to redevelop and expand both Grey Gables and Rockwood Terrace into 128-bed long-term care homes.

Along with Warden Selwyn Hicks, the members of the long-term care redevelopment task force will include Grey Highlands Mayor Paul McQueen - whose municipality is home to Grey Gables in Markdale - and West Grey Mayor Christine Robinson - whose municipality includes the Rockwood Terrace site in Durham.

Owen Sound Deputy-mayor Brian O'Leary, Georgian Bluffs Mayor Dwight Burley, Chatsworth Mayor Scott Mackey and Southgate Deputy-mayor Brian Milne will also serve on the task force. "This committee takes us, in my recommendation, to construction drawings," Grey County CAO Kim Wingrove told council during a committee of the whole meeting Thursday.

She estimates the planning stages will take about a year. The makeup of the committee can then be revisited once the projects reach the construction tendering phase.

"The nature of the tasks then change once you commence construction and then you're in more of an oversight position around the various parts of the construction project and dealing with the issues and challenges that can arise as you go through something like that," she said. The province announced in September 2019 approval of Grey County's application to add 28 new beds and redevelop 100 existing beds for a new Rockwood Terrace. That current home must be upgraded from a Class C to a Class A facility by 2025.

In November, the Ministry of Long-term Care approved the county's application for 62 new long-term care beds for Grey Gables, part of a proposed county project to create a 128-bed facility in the town. The new Rockwood Terrace is to be built on a 32-acre property adjacent to the current home's site. The property was recently acquired by the county from Durham Stone and Paving Inc., which received, in exchange, a county-owned quarry in Grey Highlands.

The county has retained a consultant, SHS Consulting, to investigate housing options that would complement the proposed new Rockwood Terrace, Wingrove said.

The consultant will be undertaking a market assessment to determine the need and demand for various senior housing options in the area and a business case to assess preferred housing options, she said. Various studies are also being completed to support a site plan for the property.

County officials believe those documents will be ready for council's consideration in the spring.

The county is planning to construct the new Grey Gables on the current site.

A request for proposals from the county closed Friday for a consultant to prepare an assessment and business case on the most appropriate way to repurpose the current home and how that can be integrated into the new building.

Wingrove said she expects that work will wrap up by the summer.

Document OWNSST0020210116eh1g00006




Femail
Man asks for advice after girlfriend who bought winning £500 Scratchcard as a Christmas present said she should get some of the money - so, do YOU think it should be shared?

Latoya Gayle For Mailonline 
504 words
13 January 2021
11:35 PM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2021 

* Money Saving Expert shared a #MoneyMoralDilemma on Instagram

* Revealed a man is torn if he should share lottery winnings with his girlfriend

* Added the girlfriend gave the man the scratchcard as a Christmas present

* Some argued gifts aren't usually shared, others said they would split winnings

A man has provoked a heated debate after asking Money Saving Expert for advice on dividing a Lottery win.

Posting on Instagram, the British budget experts shared a question from an unnamed man whose brother won £500 on a National Lottery Scratchcard, which his girlfriend gave him at Christmas.

They explained that the girlfriend believes she's entitled to some of the money because she bought the Scratchcard.

The #MoneyMoralDilemma divided their 82,000 followers as some argued gifts don't have to be shared, while others claimed they would split their winnings with their significant other in any circumstance.

Explaining the situation, Money Saving Expert posted: 'Should my brother share his lottery winnings? My brother's girlfriend gave him a National Lottery Scratchcard as a Christmas gift, and he won £500.

'She thinks he should give her some of the money as she gave him the card, but I think he should keep it as the card was a present.'

More than 100 people shared their opinion, with many agreeing with the man that his brother shouldn't split the winnings.

'Why would you share a Christmas present? The ticket was a present for him, so the product of that ticket is also for him to do what the hell he likes with it,' one wrote.

Another said: 'That's like giving someone a blender for Christmas and then demanding they give you half the smoothies you make'

A third added: 'He won £500 not £50m, plus after you gift something it's a bit rich asking for it back. She's just gutted it was a winner and didn't keep it herself. There's no dilemma... move on'

However others claimed they would share the winnings or use it to buy something they can enjoy with their significant other.

'If this was me I'd be booking a holiday away with said girlfriend! Or something nice they can do together? And note to self, don't buy Scratchcards for others,' one wrote.

Another said: 'I would give a little to her, but a gift is a gift. This is why I rarely give lottery tickets'

A third argued in favour of the girlfriend saying: 'Two people should not be in a relationship if they have money issues. She shouldn't ask for it and he should be happy to share it with her... simple as that.'

Another joked: 'It was a gift he owes her nothing, but to keep her quiet give her the scratch card money ha'

Document DAMONL0020210112eh1c0076f




Money,Shopping,Co-op,Food,Food offers
N-ICE ONE Amazing new Co-op deal means you can fill up your freezer for just £5

Sara Benwell 
504 words
11 January 2021
01:37 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2021 

IF your cupboards are bare after Christmas, you might want to head to the Co-op where's a great deal to help you fill your freezer.

The supermarket is offering shoppers over 1.5kg of frozen food for just £5 including mains, sides and even ice lollies.

Shoppers will get two crispy chicken breasts, four chicken burgers, eight fish fingers, Alphabite potatoes, peas and Fruit Pastilles lollies all for a fiver.

The six different items in the deal would normally set you back £10.35 if bought individually.

But if you buy all six, the Co-op discounts the price to £5, meaning you save 54%.

You have to buy all the items in one transaction to take advantage of the deal and it is subject to the products being in stock.

The six items including in the offer are:

* Birds Eye 2 Crispy Chicken in Tempura Batter 170g (usually £1.80)

* Birds Eye 4 Chicken Burgers with Golden Wholegrain 200g (usually £1.80)

* Birds Eye 8 100% Crispy Fish Fingers 224g (usually £1.75)

* Birds Eye The Original Alphabites 456g (usually £1.45)

* Birds Eye Garden Peas 375g (usually £1.45)

* Rowntrees Fruit Pastilles Ice Lollies 4x65ml (usually £2.10)

You can see all the items in the deal on the Freezer Filler section of the Co-op website.

The Co-op deal was the cheapest we could find for these six items anywhere online. Both Asda and Morrisons had the exact same products but at Morrisons it would cost £7.73 and at Asda it's £9.20.

Tesco didn't have the chicken burgers. Without them the shop came to £8 for just five items.

Iceland had some good deals, but it only offered bigger packs of burgers, peas and Alphabites. There you'd have to spend £10.55 but you do get more food.

To take advantage of the Co-op offer, you need to head to your nearest participating store before January 26 when the deal ends.

There are over 4,000 Co-op shops in the UK, so your nearest one shouldn't be too far away.

If your not sure where your closest is, you can use the store locator tool to find out.

If you don't fancy frozen food, the Co-op also has a pizza night deal, where you can get a pizza, a side and a dessert all for a fiver.

Your pizza choices are pepperoni and Margherita, and the puddings include Gu desserts.

The sides on offer vary depending on your local shop.

Costa is offering 50% off all its food in January including the new beanz and cheese toastie.

Mum reveals how she bagged 16 baked goodies in Greggs for just £2.59 on the Too Good To Go App.

From Tesco to Asda, TV wine expert Jilly Goolden uncorks supermarkets' best plonk.

Document THESUK0020210110eh1a00565




Encore
News & Commentary
Auto-IRA programs are closing the coverage gap; Initiatives in California, Oregon, and Illinois show programs can work

Alicia H. Munnell 
504 words
18 December 2020
11:02 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2020 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Initiatives in California, Oregon, and Illinois show programs can work

Only about half of private sector workers are covered by employer-sponsored retirement savings plans at any given time, and few workers save without one.

As a result, roughly a third of retired households are solely reliant on Social Security benefits for income, with many ending up on safety net programs such as Medicaid. In the absence of federal action to close the coverage gap, a number of states have passed legislation to implement mandatory auto-IRA programs, which expand coverage by requiring employers who do not offer a retirement plan to automatically enroll their workers in an individual retirement account (IRA).

Auto-IRA programs are now up and running in California, Illinois, and Oregon, and the three states (as well as Connecticut, Maryland, New Jersey, and Colorado, which have enacted the legislation and are preparing to launch) have adopted the same basic program design.

- Employers that do not sponsor a tax-qualified retirement plan must automatically enroll each of their employees in a private sector payroll deduction Roth IRA. The employer has no fiduciary responsibilities and makes no contributions. The programs generally phase in over time, beginning with larger employers.

- As in 401(k) auto-enrollment, employees may at any time opt out or opt for a higher or lower contribution rate than the default of 5%. The default investment is a private sector target-date fund, but employees may opt instead for any of a handful of alternative investments.

- The state contracts for a private sector record-keeper/third-party administrator to provide the IRAs and manage the program and contracts with private sector asset managers to provide the target-date fund and other investment options.

Table 1 below summarizes the particulars. California's CalSavers is still rolling out to the largest employers, but eventually it will be the largest among the auto-IRA states. Illinois was the first state to pass legislation and the second to go "live," in 2018. Unlike Oregon and California, where enrollment is starting with large employers, Illinois applies only to all employers with 25 or more employees. Oregon was the first state to go "live" in 2017. It is completing implementation of the program for employers with five or more employees and will soon implement for the smallest employers. As it was the first program to start up, it currently has the most assets and participants. Interestingly, all three states have chosen Ascensus as their record-keeper and State Street Global as at least one of their investment managers.

In short, state auto-IRA programs are a reality. And even in the wake of COVID-19, they continue to grow. The time has come to establish a national auto-IRA program so that workers in all states have a way to save for retirement - and have money on hand in case of emergencies.

Document MRKWC00020201218egci0008d


News & Analysis
Management fee discounts disappear from sight

Toby Mitchenall 
504 words
9 December 2020
Private Funds Manager
PRIMAN
English
Copyright 2020. PEI Media Ltd. All rights reserved. 

The number of funds coming to market openly offering discounts for early bird commitments or big ticket sizes is dropping, according to research seen exclusively by Private Equity International.

The number of funds coming to market offering a discount on management fees is dwindling, according to new research seen exclusively by sister publication Private Equity International.

Just 12 percent of the funds included in MJ Hudson's annual fund terms survey included the possibility of discounted fees in their LPAs. This represents a drop from the 2019 figure, which was 17 percent, and 2018 (24 percent).

The legal and fund services firm collated the fund term data from PE and venture capital funds seen by its LP and GP clients during 2019 and part of 2020. Of the funds, 41 percent were buyout, 32 percent growth capital and 21 percent VC funds. Other asset classes, such as infrastructure and private debt, were excluded from the study.

Discounts are frequently granted confidentially by a side letter, noted the report, so it is difficult to ascertain the extent of fee discounting in the market. However, discounts are often offered with transparency as incentives for LPs to either commit early to a fundraise or to write a larger check.

Headline fees and carried interest

While 2 percent is still the most commonly seen headline management fee rate - applying to 52 percent of recent fundraises by number - it only applies to a fifth of the total capital raised. The bulk of capital raised (44 percent) is subject to a headline management fee of 1.5 percent or less.

Most funds (91 percent) set carried interest at the conventional 20 percent rate, but nearly a quarter of funds (22.7 percent) offer a tiered or stepped carry arrangement, whereby the initial baseline carry share of 20 percent increases once a certain threshold is met.

"Our year-on-year research suggests this trend is growing, but we note that our sample this year also includes a slightly greater proportion of growth and turnaround funds, which may account for the change here," the report noted.

The report continues: "Alternative carried interest models included within this year's sample of funds included those where investors can opt for another class of fund interest bearing a higher carried interest rate and compensated by a lower management fee, or where investors are given the option to select different carried interest rates. This is usually linked to paying different management fee rates, with higher carried interest offset by a lower management fee."

Other findings from the report:

This year a higher proportion of US managers are using European whole-fund distribution models.

There's evidence that the 8 percent hurdle rate is under challenge, with almost one-third of funds having no preferred return at all (a 6 percentage point increase on last year's findings).

Almost all funds have GP clawback provisions (97 percent).

This article first appeared in sister publication Private Equity International

Document PRIMAN0020201217egc90000a


News & Analysis
Management fee discounts disappear from sight

Toby Mitchenall 
504 words
9 December 2020
Private Funds Manager
PRIMAN
English
Copyright 2020. PEI Media Ltd. All rights reserved. 

The number of funds coming to market openly offering discounts for early bird commitments or big ticket sizes is dropping, according to research seen exclusively by Private Equity International.

The number of funds coming to market offering a discount on management fees is dwindling, according to new research seen exclusively by sister publication Private Equity International.

Just 12 percent of the funds included in MJ Hudson's annual fund terms survey included the possibility of discounted fees in their LPAs. This represents a drop from the 2019 figure, which was 17 percent, and 2018 (24 percent).

The legal and fund services firm collated the fund term data from PE and venture capital funds seen by its LP and GP clients during 2019 and part of 2020. Of the funds, 41 percent were buyout, 32 percent growth capital and 21 percent VC funds. Other asset classes, such as infrastructure and private debt, were excluded from the study.

Discounts are frequently granted confidentially by a side letter, noted the report, so it is difficult to ascertain the extent of fee discounting in the market. However, discounts are often offered with transparency as incentives for LPs to either commit early to a fundraise or to write a larger check.

Headline fees and carried interest

While 2 percent is still the most commonly seen headline management fee rate - applying to 52 percent of recent fundraises by number - it only applies to a fifth of the total capital raised. The bulk of capital raised (44 percent) is subject to a headline management fee of 1.5 percent or less.

Most funds (91 percent) set carried interest at the conventional 20 percent rate, but nearly a quarter of funds (22.7 percent) offer a tiered or stepped carry arrangement, whereby the initial baseline carry share of 20 percent increases once a certain threshold is met.

"Our year-on-year research suggests this trend is growing, but we note that our sample this year also includes a slightly greater proportion of growth and turnaround funds, which may account for the change here," the report noted.

The report continues: "Alternative carried interest models included within this year's sample of funds included those where investors can opt for another class of fund interest bearing a higher carried interest rate and compensated by a lower management fee, or where investors are given the option to select different carried interest rates. This is usually linked to paying different management fee rates, with higher carried interest offset by a lower management fee."

Other findings from the report:

This year a higher proportion of US managers are using European whole-fund distribution models.

There's evidence that the 8 percent hurdle rate is under challenge, with almost one-third of funds having no preferred return at all (a 6 percentage point increase on last year's findings).

Almost all funds have GP clawback provisions (97 percent).

This article first appeared in sister publication Private Equity International

Document PRIMAN0020201209egc90002t




Business
Women investors start to address the gender gap

MADISON DARBYSHIRE 
504 words
28 November 2020
Financial Times
FTFT
1; Europe
2
English
Copyright 2020 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web. 

INVESTMENT Platforms report a surge in sign-ups during the pandemic

Women are signing up to investment platforms at faster rates than men, as investors flock to trading to take advantage of market volatility and lower prices.

Investors h ave registered on platforms in record numbers since March and trading volumes have remained heightened since the market sell-off earlier this year. Women are under-represented on investment platforms, but as new and younger customers sign up, they are making up a larger chunk of that base.

EToro, a DIY trading platform, reported a 366 per cent rise in the number of new women investors since the beginning of the year, compared with a 248 per cent increase for men.

Nutmeg, a UK online wealth manager, said customer signups are up nearly one-third in 2020. Women ordinarily make up 36 per cent of its investors, but this year the female share of new customers rose to 40 per cent.

Bux, a European investment platform, said female customers signing up to its trading app BuxZero grew sixfold over the year to date, compared with fourfold growth for men.

Nannette Hechler-Fayd'herbe, global head of economics and research at Credit Suisse, noted in a recent report that women's emphasis on financial security can lead them to hold excess cash and lower returns later in life. Though women own 40 per cent of the world's wealth in real terms, they represent a far lower proportion of those engaged with the stock market or wealth managers.

Customers of retail investment platforms and wealth management firms are typically men on eToro the approximate breakdown is 85 per cent male to 15 per cent female. Some 70 per cent of Interactive Investor's customers are men, and the customer base of Hargreaves Lansdown, the UK's largest investment platform, is two-thirds male.

Female investors are unfairly stereotyped as more risk averse and uninformed than men, advisers say. In reality, their strategies tend to reflect their goals and a desire to keep cash safe, prioritising long-term stability. Women may be more likely to hold cash than men but as interest rates on savings and yields on lower-risk investments such as bonds have declined, investment has become more attractive, with women seeing it as imperative to keep up with inflation.

"To see more women investing is incredibly positive," said Kat Mann, savings and investment specialist at Nutmeg. "At a time when savings accounts and interests rates offer poor value, holding more money than is needed in cash could be having a long-term damaging effect on finances."

Lockdowns have reduced spending, increased savings and expanded the time women have to think about financial planning.

"Women are interested in investing, they're just short on time, especially mothers," said Becky O'Connor, head of pensions and savings at Interactive Investor. "They're time poor, so rarely does investing make the top of the priority list."

Document FTFT000020201128egbs0006p


Amazon's Ring Video Doorbell deals for Black Friday 2020 are unreal

Maren Estrada 
504 words
27 November 2020
Boy Genius Report (BGR)
BGR
English
BGR Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Media Corporation. All Rights Reserved. 

You're not going to believe how good Amazon's deals are this year on Ring Video Doorbells. Some of the best deals available right now are on Amazon's various Ring Video Doorbell and Ring Cam models, with prices starting at just $44.99. The craziest deal gets you a $340 Ring Video Doorbell Pro and Echo Show 5 bundle with a free $10 Amazon gift card for just $169.99. See all the hottest deals in Amazon's Black Friday 2020 deals hub!

Amazon's incredible Black Friday 2020 sale is now reaching the end of the road. It was a week-long affair this year instead of just two days, but the best deals of the season are definitely popping up now that Black Friday is actually here. There are so many hot deals available right now at Amazon, from discounts on pandemic essentials like FDA-authorized Powecom KN95 masks that beat 3M N95 masks and Purell hand sanitizer to $60 off our favorite Instant Pot, $80 off AirPods Pro, the Fire TV Stick 4K for just $29.99, and plenty more.

And needless to say, the deepest discounts are all on Amazon's own devices.

Today's Best Black Friday Deal FDA-authorized Powecom KN95 masks proven by NIOSH to work better than 3M N95 masks are discounted for Black Friday! $22.31 Available from Amazon Prime. BGR may receive a commission. Buy Now

You'll find all the hot deals you can handle on Amazon devices right here in this special Black Friday sale, but there are a few in particular that we really wanted to showcase. Why? Because the deals this year on Amazon's Ring video doorbells and home security cameras are out of this world! Here are the best doorbell deals:

The newest Ring Video Doorbell for just $69.99 Ring Video Doorbell Pro and Echo Show 5 bundle with a FREE $10 Amazon gift card for $169.99! Ring Video Doorbell 3 for $139.99 instead of $200

Add an Echo Show 5 for just $10 - this bundle is normally $290

Ring Video Doorbell 3 Plus for $159.99 instead of $220

Add an Echo Show 5 for just $10 - this bundle is normally $320

Ring Peephole Cam for $69.99 instead of $130 Ring Video Doorbell Pro and Echo Show 5 bundle for just $169.99 instead of $340

Looking for Ring Cams as well? Here are the best Black Friday bargains:

Ring Indoor Cam for $44.99 instead of $60 Ring Stick Up Cam for $79.99 instead of $100 Ring Spotlight Cam for $149.99 instead of $200

These Black Friday 2020 deals are all so impressive, and it's crazy that Amazon is letting them loose a full week early. Definitely check out all the great deals in Amazon's Black Friday 2020 hub, and you'll find more info on these terrific Ring deals down below.

Document BGR0000020201127egbr0005s




Money
Halfords is recruiting for 1,100 temporary jobs during the festive season

By, James Andrews 
504 words
23 November 2020
09:16 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2020 Mirror Group Ltd 

While many retailers have been struggling, Halfords has done rather well this year -and as a result it's on the hunt for more than 1,000 new members of staff to keep up with demand

Halfords is recruiting for 1,100 temporary jobs during the festive season amid a surge in demand for bikes.

In its latest results, the company reported a 148% increase in online sales, including a 184% rise in sales of electric bikes.

The temporary vacancies are in addition to the recruitment of a wide range of permanent service-related jobs across Halford's stores, Autocentres and mobile vans.

Andy McBride, Halfords' head of resourcing, said: "With the public turning to alternatives to public transport, this has led to extra demand for bikes and essential motoring services."

Halfords cycling director Paul Tomlinson said: "There has been huge interest in cycling this year as the public seek alternatives to public transport and as a way of keeping fit.

"As a result we've seen a massive surge in demand and sales of bikes and cycling products.

"We have had tens of thousands of customers on waiting lists for deliveries and this has continued beyond the traditional summer peak, particularly for adult bikes as lockdown continues.

"Kids' and junior bikes also appear to be one of the most wanted Christmas presents this year.

"We've also seen e-bikes perform particularly well as many discover the benefits of a battery-powered bike ride."

Halfords has emerged as one of the winners from lockdown as it reported its first half profits were more than double last year's.

The cars and bikes firm reported revenues of £638.9million in six months running to October 2, with profits before tax of £55.4million -up 101.5% on the same period last year.

Chief executive Graham Stapleton said: "We are very pleased to have achieved such a strong first half performance against the backdrop of one of the most challenging trading environments in recent history.

"It is a great testament to the strength and adaptability of our business, as well as to the professionalism, hard work and dedication of our colleagues."

And with people driving less, it was cycling that led the way.

Cycling revenue growth finished 54.4% higher like for like, with the strongest performance in e-mobility and cycle services.

"We have worked hard to capitalise on the cycling market tailwinds by sourcing more stock from existing and new suppliers, as well as launching new products and brands to serve the high level of demand for our cycling products and services," Stapleton said.

"Despite the headwinds we have seen in motoring, with UK traffic 30% lower than pre-Covid-19 levels and the impact of the MoT deferment, our 'Road Ready' campaign and the investments we have made in our motoring services business have enabled us to increase market share and grow the business in Q2."

Document MIRUK00020201123egbn002jx




How to get the best deals on Black Friday and how you can stay ahead of the rest

By, Sam Elliott 
504 words
19 November 2020
03:24 AM
dailystar.co.uk
DAICO
English
Copyright 2020 

There's so much to consider when taking part in Black Friday, so ahead of next week's event here's some need-to-know advice as the worldwide bargain hunt returns

November 27 has been circled in many diaries for months and months.

Black Friday can't come soon enough for bargain-lovers as the search for super-cheap deals is about to begin.

The annual flash sale is a must for millions across the world ahead of Christmas - so all tips come in handy.

It's often a case of fastest finger first, and in a year where online sales are the main way for many to take part, you need to know where to look.

Staying ahead of the chaos could land you some mega bargains.

So here's some ways you can stay ahead of the game on one of the most frantic shopping days of the year.

It's all about the research

Know what you are buying to save some important time.

It's not much use grabbing a bargain when the pressure is on if the product is not actually what you want. So, do your homework.

Also, research your product's price history - it may not be the deal you actually think it is!

Write that wishlist!

Black Friday pros know it's all about organisation.

Some websites even let you set up a list for all the things you want to buy.

Avoid trawling - precision lands you the bargains so make sure you are on the ball and ready to buy!

Focus on the price

It's not just about the saving - remember that.

The experts at Which say: "Don't assume a deal is worth it just because it claims to offer a big saving.

"Offers such as 'was £100, now £50' often exaggerate the discount you're actually getting.

"We found 13 per cent of sale shoppers in 2017 didn't research the prices of their products at other retailers before buying."

Check the returns policy

Just because it's Black Friday, don't take risks you don't need to.

Often, buying online gives you more rights - but you need to know if and how you can return something you don't want.

One bad buy can wreck a good day of bargain hunting.

Stick to your budget

This tip couldn't be clearer, but it is hard when tempting offers are put in front of you.

Have a figure in mind and don't budge from it.

Do your best to resist impulse buying, especially if you're not totally sure how good a deal is.

Make social media work for you

Facebook, Instagram and Twitter comes in really handy on days like this.

Retailers know it's a great way to promote exclusive deals and promotions.

They will often reward customers who like or follow them with special alerts.

Document DAICO00020201118egbi003uz




Daily
Roger Ferguson to Retire From TIAA. Will He Be Tapped for Biden's Cabinet?

By Leslie P. Norton 
504 words
18 November 2020
06:24 AM
Barron's Online
BON
English
Copyright 2020 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Roger Ferguson, a former vice chairman of the Federal Reserve, is stepping down from his role as CEO of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, effective March 31. The move comes amid speculation that Ferguson may be tapped by the Biden administration for a cabinet position, including potentiallyTreasury secretary.

In a statement, TIAA said its board and Ferguson "believe it is an appropriate time to identify a successor who can own TIAA's strategy for years to come and work with Mr. Ferguson to ensure an effective transition of leadership." The board is working with an executive search firm to look within the firm and outside for possible successors.

If Ferguson does join the Biden administration, he would become one of the highest-ranking officials with direct experience grappling with America's retirement crisis following years of low rates, slow growth, widening income inequality, and a fraying safety net.

In an interview with Barron's in 2019, Ferguson said the crisis was getting worse: "The average 401(k) balance is not enough to retire on. We have 10,000 baby boomers reaching so-called retirement age every day. One, frankly, folks just aren't saving enough. Two, we don't have [the guarantees of] the old-fashioned pensions anymore. Three, some core systems like Social Security need repair."

One of the highest-ranking Black executives on Wall Street, Ferguson positioned TIAA and Nuveen as critical to getting people safely to and through retirement and providing financial literacy, advocating target-date funds, fixed annuities and alternatives that would diversity from equities and help replicate old-fashioned defined-benefit pensions.

After earning a law degree and a doctorate in economics at Harvard, he became a corporate lawyer and, later, a McKinsey consultant who oversaw the firm's financial-services practice for more than 10 years, advising banks and other companies about improving operations and returns. Then his grad-school friend Larry Summers, an economist serving at the time at the White House, tapped him to join the Fed. Ferguson became vice chairman.

Ferguson took over leadership of TIAA-famous for managing pensions for college professors, including Albert Einstein-in 2008, as the global financial crisis was unfolding. There he had a close-up view of America's retirement problems.

Then, after steering TIAA through the financial crisis, he acquired Nuveen and other companies, adding nearly a million new retirement clients and driving assets above $1 trillion. He pushed for passage of the Secure Act to broaden access to retirement accounts and bolstered the firm's expertise in environmental, social and governance investing. Among other things, he also steered the firm through a controversy over improper sales practices.

In a statement, Ferguson said that it "now is the time to select the next CEO who can continue, enhance and drive our strategy for the next decade and beyond."

Write to Leslie P. Norton at leslie.norton@barrons.com

Document BON0000020201117egbh0035x


Lifestyle,Money
DWP changes to Universal Credit come into force today affecting up to 85,000 people on benefits

By Linda Howard 
504 words
16 November 2020
03:30 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2020 Trinity Mirror 

Thousands of working claimants will see an increase in their benefits from November 16

TheDepartment for Work and Pensions (DWP) has today implemented aUniversal Creditrule change which will mean an increase to monthly benefit payments for thousands of working claimants.

The change, which could affect as many as 85,000 people, comes afterfour single mums won a Court of Appeal case against the DWP earlier this year.

Their case centred around a problem that arises when those claimingUniversal Creditreceive their income from work on a different day because their usual pay day falls on a weekend or a bank holiday.

As a result, theDWP systemsometimes counts them as having been paid twice in one Universal Credit assessment period - substantially reducing their benefit payment and causing large fluctuations in their monthly income.

It also reduces their work allowance, which means they receive less money than they would otherwise be entitled to.

How to get the latest Scottish news stories sent straight to your inbox with our newsletters

DWP confirms payment dates for benefits including Universal Credit, PIP and State Pension over Christmas and New Year

The four working mothers initially won a High Court challenge against theSecretary of State for Work and Pensions (SSWP) in January 2019and at the time said the shifting payments had left them struggling financially, resulting in them falling into rent arrears, defaulting on Council Tax, incurring bank overdraft charges and forced to rely on food banks.

TheSSWPthen brought an appeal against the High Court's decision, but it was rejected by the Court of Appeal in a ruling on June 22, 2020.

Judges instructed the UK Government to fix the issue with theUniversal Credit welfare schemewhich causes "considerable hardship" for tens of thousands of working families after ruling it as "irrational".

And now, from Monday, November 16, claimants who get paid twice in one month by their employer will no longer suffer cuts to theirUniversal Credit payments.

The benefits system will only register one payment for every one-month Universal Credit assessment period to stop anyone losing out.

Jobs Widget

The upcoming festive season includesfour bank holidays for Scottish claimants- Christmas Day, December 28 in lieu of Boxing Day falling on a Saturday, New Year's Day and January 4, also in lieu of January 2 falling on a Saturday.

The rule change means anyone whose salary arrives earlier or later over that period, resulting in them ending up with two pay days in one assessment period, won't be penalised in theirUniversal Credit payment.

Financial help available in Scotland

Minister for welfare delivery, Will Quince, said: "Universal Credit is a flexible benefit, and we continue to make changes and improvements to make sure people have the best experience possible.

"This change will give stability to people if they're paid two pay cheques in a single assessment period, by ensuring that their Universal Credit payments remain consistent."

Document DRECRONL20201116egbg00007




Features
Jasmine Harman

504 words
14 November 2020
The Daily Mirror
DMIRR
1; National
54
English
© 2020 Mirror Group Ltd 

Since 2004, Jasmine Harman's been a fixture on our TV screens with A Place In The Sun, and the C4 show about buying property abroad recently celebrated its 21st birthday. Jasmine met her husband Jon while filming the show, but is yet to bag a holiday home...

We can't believe A Place In The Sun is 21 years old! I know! But it combines things which Brits can be a bit obsessed about - buying property and the weather! Over the years we've gone through all sorts of different situations, from economic crises to the pandemic, Brexit... but people still want to make their dreams come true and buy a property overseas. So it's very exciting to be a part of that.

'Over years gone all

Is it hard to tell the buyers if their shopping list doesn't fit with their budget? No, I just tell them they need to have a reality check. Finding the properties is a full-time job for several people, it's not me on my own! So while we do find amazing places I feel confident saying to people, "This is what's realistic," because we've left no stone unturned. The show certainly gives viewers something to daydream about... I think my lowest budget ever was £19,500. That was in we've through sorts of different situations.'

Granada in Spain. Our buyer was a lovely lady called Tina who worked as a refuse collector and never thought she'd be able to buy property. She used her life savings and I think the house she bought cost £14,500 in 2015. It's just amazing to think about that even being possible. Have you found your own holiday home?

No, although since we've had the kids - Joy's seven and

Albie's nearly five - we've been saying we should. Before we always wanted to travel around and explore. But I think with small children it's nice to know where the best beaches are. So I have been thinking about it more and more to be honest. When you're at home with the family what do you watch on TV?

I know it's terrible to say when I work in TV but I don't actually watch much. But I do watch documentaries. I love wildlife ones, all the big epic series that David Attenborough has done, that kind of thing really appeals to me.

What's the last show you remember really enjoying?

I think the last was Normal People. I'd already read the book in my book club and found it really thought-provoking. So no guilty pleasures? I've never watched anything like Love Island. That has completely bypassed me.

Which other TV show would you like to appear on?

I'd definitely do Strictly if they'd have me.

A PLACE IN THE SUN C4, Sunday 7pm

'Over the years we've gone through all sorts of different situations.'

and

Document DMIRR00020201114egbe000ce




Financial Difficulties During a Global Pandemic: Why It Is Important To Start Saving For Retirement, Despite Your Age

504 words
10 November 2020
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2020, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Emporia State University ; Emporia, KS - news

By

(NAPSI-The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted Americans in more ways than one. With the ups and downs the market has experienced since the start of the pandemic, it's important that working Americans understand their various financial and retirement planning options.

According to a recent survey from the Center for a Secure Retirement and Bankers Life, more than half (54%) of working adults say their retirement planning has taken a hit amid the COVID-19 pandemic, with more than a third (36%) having lost money in the stock market.

Whether you're 25, 35 or 45, it's never too early-or late-to start financially planning for retirement. Additional insight from the Center for Secure Retirement shows that nearly two-thirds (63%) of those age 35 to 44 reported that the pandemic has impacted their future retirement, compared to just one-third (35%) of those 65 and older.

A moment of upheaval like that experienced amid COVID-19-which has been particularly felt by those reliant on employer sponsored plans like a 401-represents an opportunity for the next generation of retirees to review their options and ensure their financial security.

Here are smart actions to take:

-Stay calm. The uncertainty of the market can cause panic for some. Financial planning experts advise that the best thing you can do is to refrain from impulsive decisions. Stay calm and avoid any emotional or risky moves when it comes to large investments.

-Reevaluate. Even for those who may feel confident in their retirement planning, it is important to continually reevaluate as you receive new information during the pandemic. It can be tempting to focus on short term gains at the expense of long-term plans.

-Be flexible. It may even be beneficial to schedule reviews of your retirement plans several times over the course of the year, as the state of the world is everchanging. Continuously revisiting and adjusting your plans will ensure that you are prepared for the future no matter what it may bring.

-Supplement savings. Consider including life insurance as part of your retirement plan to supplement your savings and provide peace of mind for you and your loved ones.

Although life during a pandemic is uncertain and difficult to navigate, by seeking help to better understand your financial plans and current health care coverage, you'll be more prepared to anticipate unforeseen situations in the future.

-Bankers Life is the marketing brand of Bankers Life and Casualty Company, Medicare Supplement insurance policies sold by Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company and select policies sold in New York by Bankers Conseco Life Insurance Company . BCLIC is authorized to sell insurance in New York.

"Whether you're 25, 35 or 45, it's never too early-or late-to start financially planning for retirement.https://bit.ly/3mVmIZ8"

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020201111egba0009v




Financial Difficulties During a Global Pandemic: Why It Is Important To Start Saving For Retirement, Despite Your Age

504 words
6 November 2020
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2020, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Northeastern State University ; Tahlequah, OK - news

By

(NAPSI-The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted Americans in more ways than one. With the ups and downs the market has experienced since the start of the pandemic, it's important that working Americans understand their various financial and retirement planning options.

According to a recent survey from the Center for a Secure Retirement and Bankers Life, more than half (54%) of working adults say their retirement planning has taken a hit amid the COVID-19 pandemic, with more than a third (36%) having lost money in the stock market.

Whether you're 25, 35 or 45, it's never too early-or late-to start financially planning for retirement. Additional insight from the Center for Secure Retirement shows that nearly two-thirds (63%) of those age 35 to 44 reported that the pandemic has impacted their future retirement, compared to just one-third (35%) of those 65 and older.

A moment of upheaval like that experienced amid COVID-19-which has been particularly felt by those reliant on employer sponsored plans like a 401-represents an opportunity for the next generation of retirees to review their options and ensure their financial security.

Here are smart actions to take:

-Stay calm. The uncertainty of the market can cause panic for some. Financial planning experts advise that the best thing you can do is to refrain from impulsive decisions. Stay calm and avoid any emotional or risky moves when it comes to large investments.

-Reevaluate. Even for those who may feel confident in their retirement planning, it is important to continually reevaluate as you receive new information during the pandemic. It can be tempting to focus on short term gains at the expense of long-term plans.

-Be flexible. It may even be beneficial to schedule reviews of your retirement plans several times over the course of the year, as the state of the world is everchanging. Continuously revisiting and adjusting your plans will ensure that you are prepared for the future no matter what it may bring.

-Supplement savings. Consider including life insurance as part of your retirement plan to supplement your savings and provide peace of mind for you and your loved ones.

Although life during a pandemic is uncertain and difficult to navigate, by seeking help to better understand your financial plans and current health care coverage, you'll be more prepared to anticipate unforeseen situations in the future.

-Bankers Life is the marketing brand of Bankers Life and Casualty Company, Medicare Supplement insurance policies sold by Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company and select policies sold in New York by Bankers Conseco Life Insurance Company . BCLIC is authorized to sell insurance in New York.

"Whether you're 25, 35 or 45, it's never too early-or late-to start financially planning for retirement.https://bit.ly/3mVmIZ8"

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020201106egb600193




Elk Grove Village plans another round of $200 water bill credits...

By Christopher Placek; cplacek@dailyherald.com 
504 words
28 October 2020
Daily Herald
DHLD
Cook
0
English
Copyright 2020 Daily Herald 

Elk Grove Village plans another round of $200 water bill credits

While discussions in Washington have stalled over a second federal stimulus bill, residents in one Northwest suburban community are expected to be on the receiving end of that town's second coronavirus relief package since the pandemic took hold.

Elk Grove Village officials announced Tuesday a second round of $200 residential water bill credits set to take effect with upcoming January and February bills. Worth $3 million in total, the credits would apply to all 11,500 single-family homes, townhouses and condominiums in town.

It follows the village's initial $3.2 million coronavirus relief package in March, in what was an unprecedented move for a Northwest suburban municipality at the time. Officials gave water bill credits to residents while waiving various licensing fees for businesses.

At a village board meeting Tuesday night, Mayor Craig Johnson said the economic relief, while small, could help "take off a little bit of the edge" for residents who are struggling amid the financial effects of the pandemic.

"When bills and credit cards come after the holidays, you're going to have a couple extra dollars left for you to cover some expenses," Johnson said. "The board is excited to be able to do that for the community."

While formal approval is expected next month, the mayor said trustees are on board with the proposal. He said he came to the realization that the village could provide another local stimulus when he saw the latest financial numbers two weeks ago.

Specifically, the village's reserve fund next spring is projected to be $23 million, about $3 million more than expected per the village's standard of having enough to cover five months of operating expenses.

Much of the town's financial strength can be attributed to its 6-square-mile industrial park, which has been "humming" even in the middle of the pandemic, Johnson said.

He said 90% of businesses located there - deemed essential - never shut down. That includes one company that makes a wiring component for ventilators and another that makes bottles for hand sanitizer.

By July, sales tax revenues for the business park were back to normal, officials said. The park alone generates $24 million a year in sales taxes for village coffers.

"If we're doing that well, we want to give back to the community," Johnson said. "We were built to handle something like this."

The average residential water bill in Elk Grove is $84, so officials anticipate most customers will be able to take advantage of the credit for two or three billing cycles. The village is requiring landlords to pass savings to their tenants, and likewise condo associations to their unit owners.

Johnson said the village has time before next June to decide whether to waive annual business licensing fees again. In the first stimulus package, it was worth $180,000 villagewide.

Document DHLD000020201028egas000d0




MIL-OSI USA: Congressman Schweikert Applauds Introduction of the Securing a Strong Retirement Act of 2020

504 words
28 October 2020
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2020.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved. 

Source: United States House of Representatives - Congressman David Schweikert (AZ-06)

October 27, 2020

Press Release

WASHINGTON, DC - Today, Congressman David Schweikert (AZ-06) released the following statement applauding the introduction of the Securing a Strong Retirement Act of 2020, bipartisan legislation from the Ways and Means Committee that builds upon the SECURE Act, which became law in 2019.

"I am pleased to see the Way and Means Committee continue our bipartisan efforts to prioritize the financial wellbeing of all Americans. Improving retirement security for our seniors, along with providing hard-working Americans with further resources needed to prepare for retirement, should be a priority for all of Congress. I applaud the recent introduction of the Securing a Strong Retirement Act to build off our work in the SECURE Act, and I look forward to helping pass this important, bipartisan legislation."

Background:

The Setting Every Committee Up for Retirement Enhancement (SECURE) Act was signed into law in December of 2019. First introduced by a bipartisan group of Ways and Means Committee members including Chairman Neal and Ranking Member Brady, the SECURE Act expanded opportunities for Americans to increase their retirement savings and improved the portability of lifetime income options from one plan to another.

Congressman Schweikert was proud to support and vote in favor of the SECURE Act, which passed the House of Representatives with overwhelming bipartisan support by a vote of 417-3.

The Securing a Strong Retirement Act of 2020 will:

* Promote savings earlier for retirement by enrolling employees automatically in their company's 401(k) plan, when a new plan is created;

* Create a new financial incentive for small businesses to offer retirement plans;

* Increase and modernize the existing federal tax credit for contributions to a retirement plan or IRA (the Saver's Credit);

* Expand retirement savings options for non-profit employees by allowing groups of non-profits to join together to offer retirement plans to their employees;

* Offer individuals 60 and older more flexibility to set aside savings as they approach retirement;

* Allow individuals to save for retirement longer by increasing the required minimum distribution age to 75;

* Allow individuals to pay down a student loan instead of contributing to a 401(k) plan and still receive an employer match in their retirement plan;

* Make it easier for military spouses who change jobs frequently to save for retirement;

* Allow individuals more flexibility to make gifts to charity through their IRAs;

* Allow taxpayers to avoid harsh penalties for inadvertent errors managing an IRA that can lead to a loss of retirement savings;

* Protect retirees who unknowingly receive retirement plan overpayments; and

* Make it easier for employees to find lost retirement accounts by creating a national, online, database of lost accounts.

To read a section-by-section summary of the bill, click HERE.

A short summer of the bill can be found HERE.

Full text of the legislation can be found HERE.

###

MIL OSI USA News -

Document PARALL0020201027egas001ss


Mortgages
Buyers urged to house hunt now to save on stamp duty

Chloe Cheung 
504 words
26 October 2020
07:23 PM
Financial Adviser - Magazine and Web Content
FADV
English
© 2020 Financial Adviser 

Homebuyers should start their property search by November 1 to avoid missing out on the stamp duty holiday, according to Legal & General.

The L&G mortgage club estimates home buying currently takes up to 15 weeks, or 17 weeks for buyers with more complex requirements.

However, it added the timeline does not take into account the holiday season, or the impact of a potential second lockdown, which prospective buyers should factor into their plans.

Legal & General said buyers should begin their search by November 1 to benefit from the stamp duty holiday and to give themselves sufficient time for any issues before completion.

The mortgage club warned the mortgage application process was taking longer since the market reopened after lockdown.

In a survey of approximately 50 brokers between September and October, three in 10 advisers (30 per cent) quoted timelines between three and four weeks, while 32 per cent quoted four to eight weeks.

Borrowers with more complex backgrounds, such as an impaired credit history or who have been on furlough, may need to allow up to six to eight weeks (28 per cent) to get approval for a mortgage.

In comparison, a mortgage application for a consumer with straightforward circumstances took less than two weeks to move to offer before the pandemic.

The mortgage club also found increased lead times elsewhere in the housing sector, with conveyancers indicating the time between offer and exchange was taking three weeks, and the period between exchange and completion at one to two weeks.

Kevin Roberts, director at Legal & General Mortgage Club, said: "As homebuyers rush to take advantage of the stamp duty holiday, policy makers need to consider if a tapering of the stamp duty deadline is needed instead of a hard deadline.

"We need to avoid those moving or purchasing a home missing out through delays after March 31 when the holiday ends."

Aly Kassam, director at Easier Finances, commented: "With some lenders taking up to four weeks to deal with initial underwriting, November 1 seems to be a sensible point to aim for, but December 1 seems doable, allowing a total of 16 weeks to the deadline.

"Many lenders are instructing valuations on application submission, so choosing your lender carefully, not just based on price, but also service levels is a prudent approach to take and can really demonstrate the value of a broker, over using comparison sites to determine the 'cheapest' deal. Missing the stamp duty holiday could cost a homebuyer up to £15,000, so value and service are paramount.

"Unless clients are prepared to move full steam ahead with the conveyance, incurring costs for searches and other disbursements to be ahead of the game where the mortgage is approved, 16 weeks is a reasonable expectation to set with clients."

chloe.cheung@ft.com

What do you think about the issues raised by this story? Email us on fa.letters@ft.com to let us know.

Document FADV000020201026egaq00001




Condo Questions
News
Can condo board ditch water loss coverage to lower insurance costs?; Property act sets out exactly what perils condo corporations are obliged to include

Roberto Noce 
Edmonton Journal
504 words
24 October 2020
Edmonton Journal
EDJR
Early
E4
English
Copyright © 2020 Edmonton Journal 

Q I am on the board of our highrise condominium building. The corporation's insurance policy has come up for renewal. The quote on our new insurance policy is extremely expensive for our building. Our building has had a lot of water loss claims. To save costs, the board has decided to forgo water loss coverage. Is this legal? A The short answer to your question is: No, this is not legal. Your condominium complex must have water loss coverage.

Section 47(1)(a) of the Condominium Property Act states that a condominium corporation must place and maintain insurance on the units and the common property against loss resulting from destruction or damage caused by any prescribed peril.

Section 61 of the Condominium Property Regulation sets out what perils specifically a condominium corporation must place and maintain insurance against, which include fire; lightning; smoke; windstorm; hail; explosion of natural, coal or manufactured gas; water damage caused by flood; water damage caused by sewer backup or the sudden and accidental escape of water or steam from within a plumbing, heating, sprinkler or air conditioning system or a domestic appliance that is located within an insured building; among other perils.

Therefore, the corporation's obligation to have insurance in place for any of the prescribed perils, which includes water loss coverage, is clear. The corporation must maintain insurance on all units and common property against water loss.

There is, however, room to allow for certain commercial realities. Section 61(6) of the regulation states that a corporation will be compliant with its statutory insurance obligations, even where the insurance obtained is subject to certain limitations or exclusions, provided that such are reasonable in the circumstances. The Alberta Courts have not interpreted this section and therefore, I cannot provide any definitive answer as to the application of s. 61(6) of the Regulation.

Helpful Hint: The Condominium Property Act and the Condominium Property Regulation require condominium corporations to place and maintain insurance for all prescribed perils. However, condominium corporations are capable of negotiating coverage limits and deductibles, or premium rates, provided they still have coverage as provided for in the Act and Regulation. Roberto Noce, Q.C. is a partner with Miller Thomson LLP in both the Edmonton and Calgary offices. He welcomes your questions at albertacondolaw@millerthomson. com. Answers are not intended as legal opinions; readers are cautioned not to act on the information provided without seeking legal advice on their unique circumstances. Follow Noce on Twitter at @RobertNoce.

/    Condominium corporations must have coverage for floods along with many other perils such as fire, smoke, lightning, wind, hail and explosions.; /      [EDJN_20201024_Early_E4_03_I001.jpg]; /    Condominium corporations must have coverage for floods along with many other perils such as fire, smoke, lightning, wind, hail and explosions.    [EDJN_20201024_Early_E4_03_I002.jpg]; 

Document EDJR000020201024egao0001z




Money
Blow for UK's power supply: National Grid warns lack of wind could plunge Britain into darkness

Francesca Washtell For The Daily Mail 
504 words
16 October 2020
07:51 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2020 

Britain's electricity could be in short supply over the next few days because of a lack of wind.

Electricity grid operator National Grid warned 'unusually low wind output' and a series of power plant outages would squeeze the network until early next week, leaving it with less back-up power than normal.

National Grid said it would 'make sure there is enough generation' to prevent blackouts.

But the warning will also put pressure on the Government to invest in other power sources in addition to wind, which can be unreliable.

Last night National Grid said there was 'adequate' power for today and that it would keep monitoring the situation over the weekend.

The balance of wind-generated power in the electricity mix will drop to as low as 9 per cent and 10.5 per cent tomorrow and on Sunday respectively, before climbing back up to 51 per cent on Monday, the Energy & Climate Intelligence Unit (ECIU) estimates.

Wind power has sometimes provided up to 60 per cent of power in the grid.

The UK has more offshore wind capacity than any other country - and power produced from the sector charges the equivalent of 4.5m homes each year.

The ECIU reported that a number of gas plants, such as Cowes on the Isle of Wight and Shoreham, West Sussex, as well as a biomass plant in Lynemouth in Northumberland and at least one coal-operated plant, had seen generator failures.

There are also two planned outages at two of the UK's nuclear reactors, Dungeness, Kent, and Hunterston B in North Ayrshire.

In a tweet, the National Grid Electricity System Operator said: 'Unusually low wind output coinciding with a number of generator outages means the cushion of space capacity we operate the system with has been reduced.

'We're exploring measures and actions to make sure there is enough generation available to increase our buffer capacity.'

It is the second warning from the grid operator in a month. In mid-September it warned the electricity marker that its 'buffer' of power reserves had fallen below 500MW and it could need to call on more power plants to help prevent a blackout. This notice was later withdrawn.

During the national lockdown earlier this year, the network was inundated with extra power.

National Grid had to spend £50million on the second May Bank Holiday weekend alone to pay power producers - including surplus wind and solar farms - to switch off.

It spent almost £1billion on extra interventions to prevent blackouts during the first half of the year and also handed out money to EDF Energy to halve the amount of power generated at its Sizewell B nuclear plant.

Tom Greatrex, chief executive of the Nuclear Industry Association, said the latest warning 'underscores the urgency of investing in new nuclear capacity, to secure reliable, always-on, emissions-free power, alongside other zero-carbon sources'.

Document DAMONL0020201015egaf009c8




A-Section
Federal retirement benefits to be increased by 1.3 percent in January

Eric Yoder 
504 words
15 October 2020
The Washington Post
WP
FINAL
A18
English
Copyright 2020, The Washington Post Co. All Rights Reserved 

Federal retirement benefits will be increased by 1.3 percent in January, the same as the upcoming increase in Social Security benefits that was announced Tuesday.

The cost-of-living adjustment, or COLA, will go to almost all of the nearly 2.2 million federal retirees plus about 500,000 survivor beneficiaries. The figure is about average for the past 10 years, when the increases have been as much as 3.6 percent; a 1.6 percent increase was paid at the start of this year.

The increase applies only to annuity benefits for retirees, not to the salaries of current federal employees. Retiree COLAs are set automatically by an inflation index whose annual count concluded with the announcement Tuesday of figures through September.

In contrast, current employees receive pay raises set through the annual government budget process. No decision has been reached regarding a raise in January 2021.

President Trump has recommended a 1 percent pay raise, while Congress has taken no position. If no figure is enacted into law by the end of the year, that amount will take effect automatically. Some members of Congress continue to advocate for increasing the figure to 3 percent to match the planned raise for military personnel.

For retirees, some COLA policies vary depending on which of the two main federal retirement systems applies to them.

All of those who retired under the Civil Service Retirement System - which applies only to employees first hired before 1984 - receive a full COLA regardless of age. Although that program applies only to about 5 percent of current federal employees, 59 percent of retirees, or just under 1.3 million, draw their benefits from it.

Those retired under the newer Federal Employees Retirement System do not receive inflation adjustments until passing age 62, unless they were disabled or worked in positions requiring earlier retirement, such as law enforcement.

Under both systems, inflation adjustments are reduced for those who have been retired for less than a year at the time of a payout.

As of September 2019, the average monthly benefit under the CSRS was $3,939, and the average FERS benefit was $1,576. After accounting for the increase paid in January, the upcoming COLA will be worth about $52 and $21 per month on average, respectively.

Average benefits to survivors of deceased retirees - which also are inflation-adjusted - were $1,710 and $620 per month under the CSRS and the FERS, respectively, a year ago.

The FERS program yields a smaller benefit because it factors in Social Security coverage and employer contributions toward Thrift Savings Plan retirement accounts, two features that are absent from the CSRS program.

The value of the inflation adjustment commonly is compared with the average increase in premiums under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program, in which most federal retirees remain enrolled. The Office of Personnel Management has not announced rates for 2021.

eric.yoder@washpost.com 

http://www.washingtonpost.com

WP20201015fedcola

Document WP00000020201015egaf0000c


Consumer expert warns what shoppers 'should not buy' for Christmas

Kris Tatum 
504 words
13 October 2020
South Wales Argus
NQTIE
English
© Copyright 2020 Newsquest Digital Media 

MONEY Saving expert Martin Lewis has told people to be careful when buying gift cards this Christmas.

Speaking on ITV's This Morning, the finance expertsaid he is "not a fan of gift cards", after viewers asked what their rights are in terms of using Cineworld gift cards now the cinema chain has closed.

During the segment he issued a stern warning against buying loved-ones gift cards for Christmas.

MORE NEWS:

Newport conman branded 'lowest form of human being' Tributes paid to Dr Glyn Tedstone Baby Loss Awareness Week: Window display at Michael G. Ryan

He said: "The biggest answer I can give you and anyone else is, and I've said this many times before but never has it been more pertinent - I am extremely anti gift cards."

"The simple fact is that first of all some of them date - so someone buys them for you and if you don't use them in two years they are not worth it.

"But more importantly, if the company goes bust they are worthless.

"You just have to claim as a creditor on the administator."

The struggling cinema chain, which is also behind Picturehouse cinemas, hasbeen forced to close all of its 127 locations in the UK due to covid.

Blockbuster movie releases including the nest James Bond movie No Time To Die have been pushed back to next year because of coronavirus, prompting the temporary closures.

Martin continued: "In this time of terrible uncertainty, and retailers won't like me saying this, the last thing I would be giving anyone for Christmas is a gift card, unless it is from a company I was absolutely rock certain."

SEE ALSO:?Cineworld to shut down all cinemas after James Bond delay

Martin added that if you are going to purchase a gift card, companies like Amazon and Selfridges could be safer bets, but said: "I'm taking a guess I don't know the strength of these companies".

Speaking on what people can do with their Cineworld gift cards, he told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield: "Cineworld has temporarily closed, we hope.

"Obviously we live in very uncertain times at the moment on these types of things.

"My team have been badgering them for an answer of what you can do with it but we haven't had anything back."

Gift vouchers are worth only what the company say they are worth, and if it goes bust, that can end up being nothing.

Coronavirus has left many big businesses struggling, including in retail and hospitality where gift vouchers are commonly used.

Another reason Martin said for avoiding gift cards is that many have a limited time to use them.

Martin said "Some of them date, so if someone buys them for you and you don't use them in two years they're not worth anything."

Shoppers lost almost £100million in unused vouchers as stores closed during coronavirus lockdown,according to Which? research.

Document NQTIE00020201013egad000rt


Money
You
What is probate?

Christine Ibbotson 
Sarnia Observer
504 words
13 October 2020
Sarnia Observer
SARNIA
Final
B1 / Front
English
Copyright © 2020 Sarnia Observer 

Do we have to pay a death tax in Canada? No - we do not.

In the United States, death tax is required on all assets of the deceased and calculated at the date of death. This is not something we do in Canada. Probate "tax" is determined provincially and is very different from our U.S. neighbours.

Essentially, probate is a court proceeding that provides a judicial approval that the will provided is not to be contested, that it is the only will in existence, and that the executor has the authority to act and be recognized by the courts. All banks, investment companies and financial institutions usually require a probated will to ensure they are dealing with the authorized executor. If there are any lawsuits or claims against the estate the will must always be probated.

Probate is a fee that varies by province. In some provinces it is a fixed amount while other provinces charge a prescribed rate on the gross value of the estate. Prescribed rate: Nova Scotia, Ontario, British Columbia Set fee structure: New Brunswick, P.E.I., Newfoundland and Labrador, Alberta, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, N.W.T. Administration fee: Quebec So are there ways to reduce the probate fee?

Yes.\ One way would be to have assets bypass probate and pass directly to beneficiaries. TFSAs, RRSPs, RRIFs or the proceeds of life insurance are not subject to probate however the tax associated with any registered plans will need to be paid by the estate and therefore one should always ensure your estate has liquidity. Another way to avoid the potential cost of probate would be to "gift" cash or assets to family members prior to death. It is advisable to discuss this option with a good tax accountant to ensure there are no adverse income tax consequences.

Property can also be sidestepped from probate by simply holding it in joint tenancy with right of survivorship. This is how most spouses hold assets - jointly so that property passes to the survivor on the first death with no requirement to obtain probate. Be careful if you plan to transfer title of a property to anyone other than a spouse. You may need a written declaration to prove that there is a clear intention to transfer the beneficial interest in the asset from sole ownership to joint tenancy with right of survivorship.

A declaration ensures the asset is not subject to probate but you still may be on the hook for capital gains tax which will be triggered upon title transfer as a deemed disposition at fair market value. Remember to seek professional advice. Talk to your accountant, your adviser or your estate planner. They will know your situation best and can provide other ways to avoid probate. Christine Ibbotson is author of Don't Panic: How to Manage Your Finances and Financial Anxieties During and After the Coronavirus and the bestselling book How To Retire Debt Free & Wealthy. askthemoneylady.ca

/ (See hardcopy for photo); 

Document SARNIA0020201013egad0000g


News,Local News
Advice column: Mortgage Advice Bureau East Kilbride writes in the News

By East Kilbride News 
504 words
9 October 2020
09:03 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2020 Trinity Mirror 

Kevin McCarthy of Mortgage Advice Bureau East Kilbride will write a monthly advice column for the News

Welcome to the first column we will be writing each month to deliver the latest mortgage updates and news.

I will also be providing you with an insight into how mortgages work and some helpful hints and tips to consider when buying a new home or remortgaging.

So who are we?

Well my name is Kevin McCarthy and I am the business owner of Mortgage Advice Bureau East Kilbride.

We have a team of three at the moment, there's myself and two highly experienced Mortgage and Protection Advisers in Stephen Murray and Scott McIlwraith.

Between the three of us, we have over 30 years of experience in the financial services industry and have been providing advice on all things property related to residents inEast Kilbrideand beyond for well over a year now.

This week has probably been the busiest period of mortgage activity in recent memory, mainly due to the announcement that the Scottish Government's First Home Fund scheme was ending last Friday.

General In Your Area Widget

Many people all over the country were scrambling to get offers put in to Estate Agents and mortgage applications were being submitted at record levels.

The First Home Fund was a scheme providing up to £25,000 to first time buyers towards a deposit on new and older properties and has helped thousands of people get that elusive first step on the property ladder.

Although it's ended now, the great news is that it's coming back in April next year, so I would encourage any first time buyers looking to purchase next year to get some advice on how it works and what your mortgage options are prior to that.

Now that the First Home Fund has ended, it's going to be more difficult to obtain a mortgage with a small deposit for the time being, as you'll likely need 15 per cent deposit or more as it stands.

National 5 exams to be cancelled for pupils in Scotland in 2021

Lenders have really tightened their belts with higher loan to value products since March, but this is an ever changing environment and we have seen some lenders dip in and out of the market with products requiring only a 10 per cent deposit.

There is still the option of using the 'Help To Buy' scheme which only requires a five per cent deposit but is restricted to new build properties valued at £200,000 or less, so that's always an option until the First Home Fund makes a comeback in April 2021.

Next time I'll talk about the different types of mortgage products and things to consider when looking for that perfect mortgage to go along with your new home.

Thanks for your continued support in a local business and take care.

Document DRECRONL20201009ega9001md




The Property Report
Foreclosures Set to Rise In Commercial Sector

By Konrad Putzier 
504 words
7 October 2020
The Wall Street Journal
J
B6
English
Copyright 2020 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

The pandemic came at a bad time for the Burnsville Center mall near Minneapolis. In May, Macy's Inc. said it would close its store. J.C. Penney Co., which has a store at the mall, filed for bankruptcy.

Owner CBL & Associates Properties Inc. risked losing the mall if it stopped making payments on the $63 million mortgage. Instead, the company overseeing CBL's securitized mortgage agreed to defer payments for three months, according to the loan servicer's commentary collected by data firm Trepp LLC.

But CBL didn't pay off the loan after three months. Now, Burnsville Center is one of hundreds of properties in the U.S. heading to foreclosure.

CBL didn't respond to requests for comment.

Lenders, for the most part, were initially happy to grant debt forbearance and hope the pandemic would end soon. But many now expect the pandemic's effects to linger for a long time. As forbearance periods expire, more lenders are going after properties or demanding additional capital in exchange for extending relief.

Recent, high-profile foreclosure proceedings include Chicago's Palmer House Hilton hotel and a portfolio of luxury apartment developments in New York City. Behind the scenes, more lenders are starting negotiations to take over properties from their borrowers, said Jay Neveloff, a partner at law firm Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP.

Across the U.S., 278 properties backing securitized mortgages were in foreclosure as of last week, according to Trepp, and at least 80 of them had financial problems related to Covid-19. Real-estate attorneys and executives say they expect foreclosures to increase.

"It's coming," said Jay Olshonsky, chief executive of real-estate-services firm NAI Global. "It's just a question of how bad is it going to be."

He expects foreclosures in commercial real estate caused by the pandemic to be far worse than what happened during and after the 2007-09 recession, when properties backing tens of billions of dollars in commercial mortgages ended up in foreclosure.

The slumping travel and restaurant industries, as well as store closures, made hotels and shopping malls the most immediately vulnerable. But some investors say they expect more apartment and office buildings to end up in foreclosure. "We've never had a situation where people weren't paying their rent on their apartments, like we have now," Mr. Olshonsky said.

CWCapital, a so-called special servicer that oversees securitized mortgages whose borrowers are late on payments or otherwise in trouble, granted forbearance on roughly $2 billion in loans in the spring, according to its president, James Shevlin.

Still, foreclosures remain an exception. Banks, which are getting plenty of leeway from regulators, have been more willing to grant long forbearance periods and extend them if necessary. Many nonbank lenders are more eager to foreclose, but often lack the staff to handle all the troubled properties. Meanwhile, a number of states, including New York, have put moratoria on foreclosures.



Document J000000020201007ega70000h



Money,Shopping,Shopping advice
BE KIND Customers urged to be patient and kind in new shop posters after workers suffer abuse

Alice Grahns 
504 words
8 October 2020
02:43 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

SHOPPERS are being urged to be patient and kind in new shop posters after workers suffer abuse.

It comes after research found that violence and abuse against shop workers has doubled during the coronavirus crisis.

Retail staff members have been assaulted, threatened or abused at least once a week on average since the start of the coronavirus outbreak, according to the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers (Usdaw).

This compares to just once a fortnight last year.

While not all shopworkers suffer to this extent, some experience much worse with one in six being abused on every shift, Usdaw said in April.

The survey came after supermarkets called for police protection in March, over fears panic-buying could lead to rioting.

In June, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon also warned shoppers not to abuse staff as shops reopened after the relaxation of lockdown rules.

The Federation of Independent Retailers (NFRN), which represents 15,000 stores across the UK and Ireland, has now created two posters to help protect its members and encourage customers to shop responsibly.

The first poster appeals to shoppers to respect those working in shops by being "patient, kind and to wear a mask".

While the second explains why both shop staff and customers should cover up their faces while shopping.

Face masks are currently compulsory in a wide range of places, such as public transport, hospitals, shops as well as museums, places of worship and cinemas.

If you don't wear one, you face being slapped with a £200 fine.

The NFRN has created the new posters for its members to display within their stores as coronavirus restrictions increase again.

Last month, the NFRN urged Boris Johnson to provide effective legal protection for shop workers amid rising levels of abuse and violence.

It's also called on Yvette Cooper, chair of the home affairs committee, to launch an inquiry into retail violence.

Stuart Reddish, its national president, said: "Covid-19 has been challenging for everyone.

"In the main, customers have adhered to the guidelines but some members have experienced hostility and frustration and, sadly, in some instances have even been subject to abuse and threats.

"We hope that by seeing these posters, customers will treat independent retailers and their staff with greater understanding and respect, which means protecting everyone's health and safety."

Mr Reddish added: "I get calls from hundreds of retailers who are crime victims.

"The impact of retail crime can be devastating and long-lasting - not just in terms of physical injuries but on anxiety and stress too."

Last year, Co-op launched a campaign for stronger protection for shop workers.

It came after figures showed that 115 shop workers are attacked every day, working out as 42,000 violent incidents a year.

In April, the police started an investigation after a mass brawl broke out at a supermarket over coronavirus social distancing rules.

Document THESCOT020201007ega700bhx




Money
The five best places to put your tax refund to work

John Collett 
504 words
30 September 2020
The Sydney Morning Herald
SMHH
First
2
English
© 2020 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.smh.com.au

Many taxpayers can expect a bumper tax refund this year as a result of claiming larger home office expense deductions. For those whose finances have been impaired by the pandemic, any refund would be likely to be used to help meet living expenses. Those in a more fortunate financial position might be looking for other ways to put their tax refunds to work. Here are five top tips from the experts.

Pay off credit card debt

Jonathan Philpot, a partner at HLB Mann Judd Wealth Management NSW, says paying down expensive debt should be the number one priority.

"Credit card debt is the main one that you have to try and get out of the way as quickly as possible," Philpot says. "Even though borrowing [interest] rates are low, credit card rates can still be more than 15 per cent and nothing you can do [with the refund] is going to give a return anything like that."

Personal, car finance

The next debt to pay down would be any personal loans, including car finance, that generally have an interest rate of between 5 per cent and 7 per cent, he says.

superannuation

Boosting your superannuation is also a good option, Philpot says.

There is a tax break on cash added to super when it is a concessional contribution and, once inside the fund, the money is subject to concessional tax rates.

You can claim a tax deduction on any personal concessional contributions, Philpot says.

For those with incomes up to $39,837, there is a super co-contribution scheme, under which for each added dollar of after-tax contributions put into a fund, the government contributes a matching 50 cents. The government contribution is capped at $500. The co-contribution phases out up to an income of $54,837, before it cuts out.

Invest in shares

Belay Advisory financial planner Richard Felice says you could seed an investment in shares with your tax refund. For those who can invest for several years to ride out inevitable market volatility, it can be a great way to grow wealth.

Felice says a fund with a diversified share portfolio that is "actively managed" is a good option. He says "active management", where the money manager selects investments with the aim of producing returns that are superior to sharemarkets, after fees, tends to be a better option when markets are volatile than "passive investments", which mirror the returns of markets.

Emergency money

WLM Financial director and financial planner Laura Menschik says it is also a good idea to keep some emergency cash on the side. Three months' normal income is recommended. However, rather than just keeping it locked away in a term deposit or an online savings account, those buying their own home could look at parking their refund in an offset account attached to their mortgage so the money is effectively earning the mortgage interest rate while still being easily accessible, if required.

Document SMHH000020200929eg9u0002e


UK News
How people save for their first home as it could take five years

By, Neil Shaw 
504 words
15 September 2020
07:57 PM
walesonline.co.uk
WALESONL
English
© 2020 Trinity Mirror 

Mortgage experts have given five tips

First time homebuyers in Britain are cutting down on pints to afford a new home, according to new research by UK mortgage advice company firstmortgage.co.uk.

Research shows people need to save a £26,000 deposit for their ideal first home -a two-bedroom property.

Top saving methods include cutting out close to 3000 litres of pub-bought beers and not going on holidays to afford it.

A third of first home buyers revealed they did not have a fixed amount they saved each month to put towards buying their first home.

But when asked what they were doing to achieve their savings goals, a third reduced their eating out habits, 32% saved by not going on their holiday and some even moved back in with their parents 18%.

If the average pint costs £5, then Brits need to skip 5,200 pints at the pub to afford an average deposit, whereas for an average city break of £350 for a few days, Brits need to forgo 74 holidays for a weekend on the couch.

First home buyer Sophie Parkin said: "We had to be tight with our savings, we had a spreadsheet of all of our incomings and outgoings. We had a savings target each month that we had to hit, and we packed lunches, cancelled social occasions, and got rid of subscriptions to be able to meet it.

"It's worth it though now we are in our own home."

The country's super savers hail from Yorkshire 39%, Scotland 31% and the South East 28% who have saved in a year, while as a nation, it averages 3 years.

However, the nations' slowest savers South West 41%, North East 36% & London 25% say that it would take them five years to put together a deposit.

First Mortgage spokesperson David McGrail said: "It might seem harder than ever to get on to the property ladder in a world full of economic uncertainty, however it is possible if you want it.

"Our advice to first home buyers in this climate is to take advantage. With overseas travel limited, government support through the reduction of stamp duty, and less socialising, it is prime time to get your finances in order and create a plan to get your dream home."

TOP FIVE TIPS FROM FIRST MORTGAGE EXPERTS :

* If you can, move back in with your parents and pay your usual rent into a savings account.

* Plan ahead with meals and cook from home, forgoing a £20 meal out a week can save you over a grand

* Cut back on holidays, look local to explore free and new places

* Get your takeaway caffeine habit under control and pack a coffee from home instead

* Be disciplined and set targets for weekly/monthly savings. Using products like Help to Buy ISAs and LISAs help you save quicker by earning bonuses from the Government.

Document WALESONL20200915eg9f00105




Money,News Money,Banking,jobs
DON'T BANK ON IT Lloyds Bank to axe 865 jobs as it resumes restructuring plans

Lynsey Barber 
504 words
10 September 2020
09:12 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

LLOYDS Banking Group is the latest bank to announce job cuts with 865 positions set to be axed.

The majority of jobs losses will be back office roles in the insurance and wealth management parts of the business.

However 226 new jobs will be created at the bank which employs 65,000 people in total, reducing the overall number of job losses to 639.

The bank warned of job cuts back in January as part of a restructuring but it put the plans on hold because of the coronavirus pandemic.

Those affected will not leave until November at the earliest and the bank aims to redeploy staff where possible.

A Lloyds spokesperson said: "We will seek to redeploy wherever possible, with all colleagues given access to a package of training and support designed to help them secure their next position, whether within or outside of the group."

NatWest, which is part of Lloyds Banking Group, announced it's cutting 550 jobs and closing its London office.

What are my redundancy rights?

BEFORE making you unemployed, your employer should still carry out a fair redundancy process.

You are entitled to be consulted on the redundancy lay-off first and to receive a statutory redundancy payment, as long as you've been working somewhere for at least two years.

How much you're entitled to depends on your age and length of service, although this is capped at 20 years. You'll get:

* Half a week's pay for each full year you were under 22,

* One week's pay for each full year you were 22 or older, but under 41,

* One and half week's pay for each full year you were 41 or older.

Sadly, you won't be entitled to a payout if you've been working for your employer for fewer than two years.

There should be a period of collective consultation as well as time for individual ones if your employer wants to make 20 or more employees redundant within 90 days or each other.

You are also entitled to appeal the decision by claiming unfair dismissal within three months of being let go.

The Co-Operative Bank has announced plans to cut 350 jobs and close 18 branches.

The banking industry has struggled with profitability in recent years in the face of a number of factors, such as historically low interest rates, the rise of online banking and changes to banking rules.

This has led to job cuts and branch closures even before the coronavirus pandemic hit.

Lloyds Banking Group swung to a £676m loss in the second quarter of 2020 and warned of the cost of coronavirus.

Lloyds was this week banned from forcing bounce back loan borrowers to sign up to its paid-for business account.

Employers across the UK planned to make more than 300,000 workers redundant in June and July due to coronavirus.

Document THESCOT020200910eg9a0036a




UK confirms plan to extend age for accessing private pensions

Josephine Cumbo in London 
504 words
4 September 2020
02:43 AM
Financial Times (FT.Com)
FTCOM
English
Copyright 2020 The Financial Times Ltd. All rights reserved. Please do not cut and paste FT articles and redistribute by email or post to the web. 

From 2028 individuals will have to be 57 rather than 55 to draw from their retirement savings

Millions of people in the UK younger than their late forties will have to wait an additional two years to dip into their retirement funds after the government confirmed plans to raise the minimum pension access age to 57 in 2028.

Since pension rules were relaxed in 2015, millions of individuals have taken advantage of new freedoms over how they can take cash from their private pension pots from the age of 55. 

However, on Thursday the government confirmed it would legislate to enact proposals, first mooted six years ago, to increase the minimum access age from 55 to 57 in 2028.

"In 2014 the government announced it would increase the minimum pension age to 57 from 2028, reflecting trends in longevity and encouraging individuals to remain in work, while also helping to ensure pension savings provide for later life," said John Glen, economic secretary to the Treasury, in response to a written question from Stephen Timms, a Labour MP.  

"That announcement set out the timetable for this change well in advance to enable people to make financial plans and will be legislated for in due course."  

In 2014, the government said the change would apply to all pension schemes aside from those in the public sector that link their normal pension age to the state pension age, such as those for firefighters, the police and the armed forces.

Steven Cameron, pensions director with Aegon, a pensions provider, said the announcement clarified lingering uncertainty. "The government did indicate back in 2014 its intention to do this, but didn't include provisions in legislation, leading to uncertainty over whether the change was still planned," he said.

"This latest announcement confirms the change will happen . . . and will be particularly impactful on those who were due to reach their 55th birthday just after the cut-off."

Experts said the move would probably affect those born after April 6, 1973, who are aged 47 and younger today. They will have to wait an extra two years to take either a lump sum or income from their pension. 

According to the Office for National Statistics, around 860,000 people were 46 years old in the UK in 2019, and are due to turn 55 in 2028.

David Hearne, a chartered financial planner with Satis Wealth Management, said the move would probably result in individuals having to revisit financial plans.

"Those with a significant part of their assets in pensions are often waiting for 55 to achieve other plans such as repaying a mortgage, so increasing to 57 may mean two more years of interest payments," said Mr Hearne. 

"It may also delay others helping their children with university or first house purchases."

Savers can access private pensions before the minimum access age but those who do risk a steep 55 per cent tax penalty on what they draw.

Document FTCOM00020200903eg93004mp




News
Super backflip fear fuels EBA trade-off: unions

Nick Bonyhady and Jennifer Duke 
504 words
20 August 2020
The Age
AGEE
First
7
English
© 2020 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.theage.com.au

Unions say fears the government might backflip on legislated superannuation rises are the reason some enterprise agreements promise workers bigger pay rises if there are no increases to super contributions.

The existing workplace deals have fuelled debate about whether superannuation rises will be at the expense of wage growth as the Morrison government faces pressure from backbenchers to scrap or delay an increase in compulsory employer super payments, which are scheduled to rise incrementally to 12 per cent of wages by 2025.

The Australian Council of Trade Unions and Labor have argued superannuation rises are not to blame for low wage growth and say increases help provide an adequate retirement.

But the clauses in some agreements show there can be a trade-off between wages and superannuation. Deals in 2020 with the paper, packaging and recycling giant Visy, the Transport Workers Union and the Australian Workers Union give workers a 1.5 per cent pay rise in 2021 if there is a 0.5 per cent bump in superannuation. If that does not go ahead, workers add the 0.5 per cent to their pay.

A 2017 enterprise agreement for journalists at the Australian Associated Press also included a clause giving journalists a pay rise in line with inflation, minus any increase in compulsory super.

Australian Council of Trade Unions president Michele O'Neil said the clauses were rare and most workers would be worse off if the super guarantee increase did not happen. "Unions have struck these agreements because the government's threat to working people's legislated superannuation increase is not new," she said. "These clauses are evidence of workers' lack of confidence in the government keeping to its promises when it comes to workers' rights."

Union sources said government data showed only nine of 5285 agreements signed in 2019 had a clause that modified agreements to fund superannuation increases.

Transport Workers Union national secretary Michael Kaine denied workers lost wage growth with higher superannuation, pointing to other agreements where the TWU had bargained for higher super and wage rises. Mr Kaine said low wage growth was a product of federal government policy.

James Pawluk, a superannuation expert at the McKell Institute, a Labor-aligned think tank, said he understood why a union would try to ensure workers still got a wage rise if there was no increase in superannuation. "The only thing you can say with certainty is that if we don't proceed with the superannuation guarantee increase there will be a lower share of income for the low paid."

Grattan Institute household finances program director Brendan Coates said enterprise agreements made it "clear there is a trade-off between super and wages locked into the EBA".

The Grattan research and the Reserve Bank were cited by Assistant Minister for Superannuation Senator Jane Hume this week as contributing to her view a higher super guarantee was given at the expense of wage growth.

Editorial Page 16



Document AGEE000020200819eg8k0000v




Money
A-level results day freebies -Frankie & Benny's and Gordon Ramsey lead student deals

By, James Andrews 
504 words
13 August 2020
10:11 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2020 Mirror Group Ltd 

It's not just grades that have been downgraded, this year the number of people handing out goodies to people getting their results has taken a hit too -but there are still some left if you know where to look

A-level students can pick up some freebies on results day this year if they know where to look.

While this year's offerings might look a little downgraded compared to what was available in 2019, that doesn't mean there's nothing left.

Leading the charge is Gordon Ramsay -with the celebrity chef and restaurant owner tweeting: "Huge congratulations to everyone collecting their results today !! Head to @GRStreetPizza for pizza on us!!"

Fankie & Benny's is joining int too -offering free starters to people with result slips, on top of their 20% student discount.

And there's even a little something for people wanting to express their disappointment with their grades.

The London Dungeon is offering free entry to students willing to burn their grades by throwing their results slip onto what they're calling the "Grade fire of London".

But the offers are definitely fewer and farther between than in past years -with coronavirus restrictions holding things back and the Eat Out to Help Out scheme distracting from other offers.

But in one case it might just be a matter of time -with Nando's saying its offer is delayed, not scrapped.

A Nando's spokesperson told Mirror Money: "As we continue to get all of our restaurants back up and running, we'll be postponing our annual results day celebrations until September.

"We encourage students to stay tuned to Nando's social media channels, or sign up here for updates on this year's promotion."

Here are the freebies confirmed so far:

* Frankie & Benny's - A free starter -alongside your usual 20% off student discount when you show us your results. Valid Thursday & Friday 13/14th and 20th/21st August, book your table now! http://bit.ly/2Pqh3v

* Gordon Ramsay Street Pizza -Free Pizza at Bread Street Kitchen or York & Albany branches in London.

* London Dungeon - Free entry for students throwing their results paper on a fire. A-level students must email londondungeon@stripecommunications.com before visiting to book a slot for the grade burning. Full information can be found here.

* Upham Inns based in the south of England is offering a free glass of Prosecco, a beer or a free pudding with a meal for anyone celebrating their A-level results from now until Sunday. Proof of A-level results required to redeem the offer.

* Nando's -Free quarter chicken or Fire Starter, but you'll need to wait until September to claim it. Nando's said students should keep an eye on its social media channels over the coming months or sign up to Nando's emails to find out exactly when the free chicken offer would be running.

Document MIRUK00020200813eg8d003s5




Fabulous,Fashion,Deals and sales,Fashion deals,Shopping advice,What to buy
SUPER SALE Topshop slashes 70% off in final summer sale - what to snap up before it goes

Harriet Flook 
504 words
13 August 2020
10:15 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

TOPSHOP has slashed a huge 70 per cent off selected items in their summer sale.

As part of their "final clearence", shoppers will be able to snap up even bigger discounts but they'll need to be quick.

The summer sale has been running over the last month, but now Topshop has added new lines, and bigger discounts.

* Save up to 70 per cent at Topshop - buy here

It's available in store and online now, but Topshop are yet to confirm how long the final clearence will last for, but we recommend you act quick to avoid disappointment. Summer sandals, edgy white jeans, gorgeous smock tops and even on trend puff sleeve midi dresses have all been added - so if you haven't stocked up yet, now's the time to do it. Even though the heatwave is on it's way out, there's still plenty of time to update your summer wardrobe as there's plenty of additions to the sale.  View this post on InstagramWe're suddenly hoping for cooler weather again and when it comes, this is what we're wearing? #TopshopStyle Tap to shop or shop via the in bio.A post shared by  Topshop (@topshop) on Aug 12, 2020 at 12:01pm PDTYou can see the full sale here, but here are the last minute pieces we're picking out for the summer.

* LUCKY Gold Leather Knot Slingback Flat Shoes, £15, WAS £32 - buy here

* CARLOS Tortoiseshell Round Sunglasses, £5, WAS £14 - buy here

* Mid Stone Oversized Denim Jacket, £28.79, WAS £35.99 - buy here

* PEACHY Black And White Leather Toe Post Sandals, £20.30, WAS £29 - buy here

* Pink Check Organza Shirt Midi Dress, £25, WAS £49 - buy here

* Blue Floral Print Cut Out Midi Dress, £27.30, WAS £39 - buy here

* Black Broderie Cami, £10, WAS £19 - buy here

* SEB Straw Cross Body Bag, £15, WAS £29 - buy here

* Yellow Chiffon High Low Ruffle Skirt, £15, WAS £45 - buy here

* Red Floral Print Kimono Wrap Midi Dress, £25, WAS £39 - buy here

* SAUCY Multi Polka Dot Bow Mules, £15, WAS £39 - buy here

* Blue Gingham Yoke Dobby Top, £15, WAS £29 - buy here

* White Shirred Poplin Blouse, £20, WAS £29.99 - buy here

* Leopard Print Pop Bow Midi Dress, £20, WAS £39.99 - buy here

* Orange Ditsy Ruched Sleeve Midi Dress, £30, WAS £45 - buy here

* Pink Puff Sleeve Midi Dress, £15, WAS £45 - buy here

Ray-Ban have announced an up to half price sale on sunglasses, these are the specs to snap up.

Astrid & Miyu launches chunky Vintage Collection and here are the pieces to buy now.

Michael Kors announces huge sale with up to 50% off designer handbags - and prices start at £16.

If you click on a link in this article and buy a product we will earn revenue.

Document THESCOT020200813eg8d0066a




News
Mortgages trap for older homeowners

Sarah O'Grady 
504 words
11 August 2020
The Daily Express
THEEXP
1; Scotland
2
English
(c) 2020 Express Newspapers 

EIGHT in 10 retired homeowners are being frozen out of getting a mortgage. The crisis is laid bare by research showing how the majority of retirees cannot access a mortgage of any kind that meets their needs. Experts said retirees are being "sabotaged" by rules that are not fair. Figures show 82 per cent of over-55s are unable to obtain a traditional, retirement or lifetime mortgage when they make an application. A major cause of the growing problem is stringent affordability criteria that penalise people who have taken advantage of the 2015 pension freedoms which allow them to "drawdown" from their pension pots. This income is disregarded by lenders, who rely solely on the lower guaranteed income of any surviving spouse. The rules could affect millions of over-55s. The analysis from retirement mortgage specialist Responsible Life exposes the mortgage trap awaiting many older owners who often want to stay in their home but do not have enough income to cover repayments.

 Others, due to their age, are deemed to be borrowing too much in later life, stretching their loan-tovalue beyond levels that lenders allow. According to the data, it means that more than four fifths of applicants in the age group will find themselves disappointed. Responsible Life executive chairman Steve Wilkie said: "Retirees are being frozen out of the mortgage market because they are being sabotaged by affordability rules that are not fit for purpose. Retired borrowers should be allowed to show a greater variety of repayment strategies to unlock lending. "These should include plans to downsize, pension drawdown and reverting to lifetime mortgage products at the end of a mortgage term. "Such flexibility would be in the spirit of other financial innovations that have sought to make it easier for the over-55s to navigate retirement, namely pensions freedoms." The findings stem from analysis of data collected by the Retirement Mortgage Service. As only the guaranteed income of a surviving spouse can be taken into account for retirement interest-only affordability tests, many retirees are attempting to borrow at ratios of more than 10 times their guaranteed income. This suggests lenders are confused about how affordability in the market works, the report said. Similar challenges are posed by lifetime mortgages. As they come with the ability to defer the interest, they offer lower loan-to-value ratios, so many older owners cannot access as much finance as they expect. Ray Boulger, mortgage expert at brokers John Charcol, said: "Many over-55s will have an option that they might not be aware of. "If you have enough equity to qualify for a mortgage, you don't have to prove affordability - and the amount you can borrow increases with age.With lifetime mortgages you don't have to prove income and have the option to pay nothing, pay interest or pay something extra." OPINION: PAGE 12

'The retired are frozen out of the market, sabotaged by rules that are not fit for purpose'

Document THEEXP0020200811eg8b00064




FIFTEENTH PERSON CHARGED WITH THEFT IN ONGOING SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS FRAUD INVESTIGATION

504 words
4 August 2020
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2020. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

CINCINNATI, Aug. 4 -- The U.S. Department of Justice's U.S. Attorney's office for Southern District of Ohio issued the following press release:

Napoleon Crawford, 52, of Mason, was arrested and appeared in U.S. District Court here on July 30 to face charges in a two-count indictment alleging that Crawford has stolen more than $80,000 in Social Security and Department of Defense benefits earned by his father, a retired Navy officer who died in 2016.

Crawford is the fifteenth person charged this year in the 48-county Southern District of Ohio based on results of a large audit conducted by the Social Security Administration, Office of Inspector General, which found that dozens of Ohioans are illegally collecting a deceased relative's federal retirement, Social Security or Veterans' Administration benefits.

Ten of the fifteen people have pleaded guilty to charges of theft of public funds, a felony that is punishable by up to ten years in prison, three years of supervised release and a fine of up to $250,000. The fifteen charged allegedly received more than $898,000 in benefits.

One person has been sentenced so far. Debra Edwards, 57, of South Lebanon was sentenced July 28. Edwards was ordered to repay $49,575 in benefits she received illegally and serve three years' probation with the first 90 days to be served in home detention.

"We will prosecute people who stick their hands in the pockets of taxpayers to steal benefits earned by their relatives," said David M. DeVillers, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio. "The investigation is continuing and others could be charged."

In addition to Crawford and Edwards, the following individuals have been charged:

Data omitted (The document can be viewed at: https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdoh/pr/fifteenth-person-charged-theft-ongoing-social-security-benefits-fraud-investigation).

The cases are part of the national Social Security Administration (SSA) Fraud Prosecution Project, a collaboration with SSA's Office of the General Counsel, Office of the Inspector General and the Department of Justice.

For more information on SSA's Fraud Prosecution Project and the agency's other anti-fraud efforts, please visit https://www.ssa.gov/antifraudfacts/.

David M. DeVillers, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio, along with the Social Security Administration's Office of the Inspector General, Office of Audit; the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General; The Veterans' Administration Office of Inspector General; the United States Office of Personnel Management Office of Inspector General and the United States Secret Service announced the results of the ongoing initiative. Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy Landry is representing the United States in this initiative.

Statements contained in indictments or bills of information are allegations only. Defendants should be presumed innocent unless convicted in a court of law.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document INDFED0020200805eg84000vw


Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis extends a limited eviction, foreclosure suspension

Alex Soderstrom 
504 words
30 July 2020
Orlando Business Journal Online
ORLBJO
English
© 2020 American City Business Journals, Inc. All rights reserved. 

Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis again extended the statewide freeze on evictions and foreclosures, though not for all cases.

DeSantis on July 29 signed an executive order to extend the moratorium until 12:01 a.m. Sept. 1. If it had not been extended, the measure would have expired 12:01 a.m. Aug.1. The order has been extended several times since originally being signed by DeSantis in April.

But this executive order differs from previous orders since it specifies that final actions in eviction or foreclosure proceedings are paused only when the tenant or homeowner has been "adversely affected" by the coronavirus pandemic.

Someone is "adversely affected" by the pandemic if he or she endures "loss of employment, diminished wages or business income or other monetary losses realized during the Florida State of Emergency" that impacts the ability to make rent or mortgage payments, according to the executive order.

As a result, landlords and banks are prohibited from taking eviction and foreclosure actions against delinquent renters and homeowners impacted by the pandemic until July 1. But the order doesn't excuse renters and homeowners of their obligation to pay rent or make mortgage payments.

The wording of the original executive order was less specific. It called for the suspension of evictions as a result of Covid-19, but did not mentioned the virus in the section on foreclosure suspension. Also, it did not define what it means to be affected by the pandemic.

Many eviction and foreclosure proceedings initiated before the pandemic hit were put on hold due to the executive order, Deborah Moskowitz, an Orlando-based attorney with Quintairos, Prieto, Wood & Boyer PA, previously told Orlando Business Journal. That contributes to a backlog of cases in the local court system, she said.

"I don't think any of these circumstances would've changed [due to the pandemic]," she said. "Those should be allowed to proceed."

The order is important because Central Florida's economy continues to feel the effects of the coronavirus pandemic, which shuttered businesses and led to mass furloughs and layoffs.

For example, unemployment for metro Orlando was at 16.5% in June, the most recent data available from the Florida Department of Economic Opportunity, while Florida's rate was 10.7%.

Orange County's Legal Aid Society has seen a surge in requests for assistance related to housing, with monthly housing inquiries nearly doubling from pre-pandemic to now, Executive Director Bethanie Barber previously told OBJ. It's projected there may be 6,000 evictions in Orange County in the first month after the moratorium expires, Barber said.

"We're heading to a very dangerous place if a number of things don't fall into alignment very quickly."

Sign up here for our free morning and afternoon daily newsletters. And be sure to follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Did you find this article useful? Why not subscribe to Orlando Business Journal for more articles?

Document ORLBJO0020200730eg7u00003




Money
Majority of UK employers have had to cancel work experience due to Covid-19

Sally Weale Education correspondent 
504 words
29 July 2020
09:10 AM
The Guardian
GRDN
15
English
© Copyright 2020.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

Three fifths (61%) say they have had to scrap some or all placements for students and graduates, according to pollCoronavirus - latest updatesSee all our coronavirus coverage

UK students hoping to enter the jobs market have had work experience placements postponed, interviews cancelled and job offers withdrawn as businesses struggle in the aftermath of the Covid-19 pandemic, a new survey has revealed.

Three fifths of employers (61%) say they have had to cancel some or all of their work experience placements, with many warning they will be hiring fewer or no graduates  in the next year.

A YouGov poll for the Sutton Trust social mobility charity found that small- and medium-sized businesses in Britain were the most likely to be turning away graduates, with almost half (49%) cancelling all internships and work experience placements, compared to just under a third (29%) of bigger employers.

Almost two in five (39%) graduate employers said they expected to hire fewer graduates or none at all in the next 12 months, according to the poll of 1,000 British businesses, and just under half (48%) said there are likely to be fewer work experience opportunities in their businesses.

The findings confirm graduate fears about the impact of Covid on their immediate career prospects. A companion YouthSight poll of 900 students, also for the Sutton Trust, found that almost half (46%) of current undergraduates believe the pandemic has had a negative effect on their chances of finding a job.

Just under a fifth (18%) of students surveyed said that they had had work-experience placements cancelled or postponed, while more than one in 10 (11%) have had interviews cancelled and 4% have had a job offer withdrawn.

With fewer job opportunities available in the aftermath of lockdown, the Sutton Trust says promoting social mobility and fair access must remain priorities for employers

Sir Peter Lampl, the founder and chairman of the Sutton Trust, said: "It is crystal clear that young people will bear the brunt for years to come of the massive downturn caused by Covid-19 and young people from poorer backgrounds will be most affected.

"Employers will need policies in place to allow everyone a fair chance of being recruited to the lower number of graduate jobs available. As internships and work-experience placements are declining, employers need to move their programmes online. We need to act now to make sure that all young people have opportunities to enter the labour market."

Labour's shadow minister for young people, Cat Smith, said the government had been too slow to act on youth unemployment. "This report demonstrates that there is a clear gap between what the government has promised, and the availability of work experience placements being offered by employers.

"The government must drop its one-size-fits-all approach to youth unemployment and work with local authorities to encourage businesses to take on and train young people."

Document GRDN000020200729eg7s00007




SEC Charges Financial Advisor with Fraud for Stealing Millions from Investors

504 words
21 July 2020
ENP Newswire
ENPNEW
English
© 2020, Electronic News Publishing. All Rights Reserved. 

Release date - 20072020

The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged former registered representative and investment adviser Michael Barry Carter with fraud for stealing from brokerage customers and an elderly advisory client.

The SEC's complaint alleges that Carter, a financial advisor in the McLean, Virginia office of a large financial institution, falsified internal documents in order to effect dozens of unauthorized wire transfers, totaling millions of dollars, from the accounts of brokerage customers to his personal bank account. According to the complaint, to generate some of the funds that he misappropriated, Carter sold securities without customer authorization. As alleged, Carter employed various methods to conceal his misconduct from his brokerage customers, including diverting account statements to addresses he controlled. The complaint further alleges that Carter made almost $1.5 million in unauthorized transfers from the accounts of an elderly advisory client, sending nearly $1 million to himself, and using some of the remainder to repay funds he had taken from a brokerage customer. Carter also allegedly misappropriated funds from the client that originated from 529-plan college savings accounts held at another financial institution for the benefit of the her grandchildren. The complaint alleges that Carter used the funds he misappropriated from his customers and client to support his lavish lifestyle.

'As a financial advisor, Carter was entrusted with millions of dollars belonging to his brokerage customers, his advisory clients, and their families,' said Marc P. Berger, Director of the SEC's New York Regional Office. 'As alleged in our complaint, Carter instead took advantage of that trust for his personal gain.'

The SEC's complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, charges Carter with violations of the antifraud provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. The SEC is seeking injunctive relief, the return of allegedly ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest, and a civil penalty.

In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Maryland today announced criminal charges against Carter. Carter has pled guilty to those charges.

Investors can find additional information about how to protect their investments at Investor.gov. The Office of Investor Education and Advocacy and Division of Enforcement's Retail Strategy Task Force encourage senior investors to learn more at the senior investor education webpages on Investor.gov and report any suspicious investment-related activity or schemes using the SEC's online tips, complaints, and referrals (TCR) system.

The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Eric Kirsch, Jonathan Grant, James Flynn, and Wendy Tepperman. The litigation will be led by Dugan Bliss, and the case is being supervised by Lara Shalov Mehraban. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Maryland, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

[Editorial queries for this story should be sent to newswire@enpublishing.co.uk]

Document ENPNEW0020200721eg7l000cu




Investing
'LCF mini-bond loophole' to be closed under new proposals to protect savers

By Harry Brennan 
504 words
21 July 2020
01:54 AM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2020. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

Regulated firms selling unregulated investments must get FCA permission first, new rules propose

Financial firms looking to promote unregulated investments and digital currencies will have to jump through a new series of hoops designed to protect investors from harm, under fresh proposals laid out by HM Treasury.

It wants the Financial Conduct Authority, the City watchdog, to force firms to seek express approval before putting out any promotion that offers unauthorised investments to consumers. It has also asked the regulator to clamp down on the digital currency market, bringing certain types of crypto currency under the FCA's purview for the first time.

This marks an initial step in the sewing up of a harmful loophole in the rules, highlighted in a campaign by this newspaper calling for it to be closed. The gap allows regulated firms to offer risky, unregulated deals that are typically inappropriate for most people.

The quirk in the regulation came into the spotlight following the high-profile collapse in 2019 of London Capital & Finance, a regulated firm that had sold unregulated "mini-bond" investments worth £236m to around 12,000 investors. Savers have only had a small fraction of their money returned so far via compensation payouts.

The Treasury said the current system, which only requires an unregulated firm to be granted approval from an authorised provider before promoting high-risk bets, was no longer a "sufficient safeguard".

City Minister John Glen said: "It's important that people can understand the financial products they see promoted. If adverts by unauthorised firms are misleading, or don't fully outline the risks, then people can end up losing money."

Newly proposed rule changes would force firms to obtain specific consent from the regulator before working with unauthorised entities.

The regime change would also tighten the screws on the promotion of digital currencies and crypto assets such as Bitcoin, which have boomed in popularity in recent years and are often promoted via social media.

Around 2.6 million people have now purchased some form of crypto asset, according to FCA research. More than a third who did so said they were encouraged to via an advert, with 83pc of buyers making purchases via exchanges based outside of Britain.

Laura Suter of investment firm AJ Bell said the FCA would have its job cut out policing the "wild west of the crypto market", which she said was populated by scammers and fraudsters as well as legitimate businesses.

"With so much of the advertising and false claims made online, on social media and directly to retail investors, weeding out the rogues in the market is a job of gargantuan proportions," she said.

The regulator has been working with the Government and the Bank of England to understand and address the harms associated with crypto assets, which are known to be highly volatile and high risk, although it declined to comment on the changes the Government has proposed.

Document TELUK00020200720eg7k004eg




Money,Shopping,B&Q
MOW ON B&Q has slashed its cordless lawnmower from £78 to £25 - and it comes with extra blades

Isobel Frodsham 
504 words
18 July 2020
11:09 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

DIY store B&Q has cut the price of a compact lawnmower to just £25.

The Mac Allister Compact Cordless 18V Lawnmower, which has been reduced from £78, is part of a clearance sale the store is having.

Thanks to the bargain deal, shoppers can save £53 with the new price.

The mower's been designed in a compact and cordless style, meaning all you have to do is charge it up before using it.

It also has an adjustable handle, so different people can use it easily and so it can be stored away simply.

The battery runs for 1.5 hours when it's fully charged, giving you plenty of time to trim your grass in your garden.

B&Q's deal is available in store and also online.

If you're buying it online, remember that you'll have to pay a minimum of £5 for delivery if your order is under £50.

Or, use the store locator tool to find your nearest branch.

The reduced lawnmower was spotted by one shopper, who posted it in the Extreme Couponing and Bargains UK group.

She wrote: "Bargain in B&Q today. Cordless lawnmower down from £78 to £25. Forgot to mention, you get extra blades with it as well."

One B&Q fan said he was delighted with his purchase and commented on the post: "I got one in Aintree yesterday. Comes with the charger and a battery that can be used in other Mac tools like a strimmer."

Another added: "I got one this morning. Did a really good job, lasted over 15 mins (how long it took to do it) and not fully charged. Three height settings. Battery and charger included."

One shopper said it was a "brilliant little mower", adding: "I collected mine this morning, fully charged battery and managed to cut both my front and back garden before battery died.

"On full charge it lasted about 25-30 mins. I'm so happy with my bargain - thank you for posting this."

We also found the mower had been reduced on trade website Tradepoint.co.uk to £20.83.

But that price is excluding VAT, meaning if you opt to have it delivered (£4), you'll end up paying nearly £5 in VAT.

This means the total price is £29.80 - only 20p cheaper than B&Q's delivery.

Other cordless lawnmowers could cost you hundreds of pounds more.

Argos' are on sale from £100 while Homebase's start from £70.

We've also created a list of where to buy the cheapest lawn mowers including cylinder, rotary and hover machines.

There is a secret way you can also find the quietest time to shop at B&Q, B&M and Home Bargains.

If you're looking to spruce up your garden, Aldi has a new garden range which includes a fire pit and patio heater.

Document THESCOT020200718eg7i004s9




Australia: Far North Queensland Promotion Bureau Owns Trademark for 'CITIZENS OF THE REEF'

504 words
18 July 2020
Australian Government News
HTAUGN
English
Copyright 2020. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

Australia, July 18 -- Far North Queensland Promotion Bureau Ltd., owns the trademark (2056083) for 'CITIZENS OF THE REEF' till Dec. 9, 2029.

Status: registered: Registered/protected

Classes: 25 [Apparel (clothing, footwear, headgear); Children's clothing; Footwear for children; Jackets (clothing); Swimming trunks; Swimwear; Water-resistant clothing], 41 [Arranging and conducting of in-person educational forums; Arranging group recreational activities; Arranging of courses of instruction; Charitable services, namely education and training; Conducting of educational courses; Conducting of instructional seminars; Dissemination of educational material; Dissemination of entertainment material; Distribution (other than transportation) of films; Distribution (other than transportation) of sound recordings; Distribution (other than transportation) of television programmes; Distribution (other than transportation) of videos; Educational seminars; Educational services; Electronic publication of information on a wide range of topics, including online and over a global computer network; Entertainment; Event management services in relation to the organisation of educational, entertainment, sporting or cultural events; Information relating to education; Management of educational events; Organisation of recreational activities; Organising charitable fundraising events being the provision of entertainment, sporting and cultural services; Organising of entertainment and social events; Production of audio and/or video recordings, other than advertising; Production of audio entertainment; Production of audio/visual presentations; Production of entertainment videos; Providing facilities for educational purposes; Providing facilities for entertainment; Providing films, not downloadable, via video-on-demand services; Providing information, including online, about education, training, entertainment, sporting and cultural activities; Provision of education services via an online forum; Provision of educational information; Provision of entertainment services via an online forum; Publishing of maps; Publication of educational materials; Publication of multimedia material online; Providing online electronic publications, not downloadable; Providing online videos, not downloadable; Publishing by electronic means; Publishing services] and 42 [Design of computer software; Conducting technical project studies; Conversion of data or documents from physical to electronic media; Design of computer databases; Design of computer programs; Development of computer platforms; Development of software; Development of systems for the storage of data; Ecological surveys; Environmental conservation; Environmental monitoring services; Environmental surveys; Environmental testing; Evaluation of performance against bench-mark references; Geological estimation and research; Geophysical research services; Management of scientific research projects; Online provision of web-based applications (non-downloadable); Online provision of web-based software (non-downloadable); Preparation of reports relating to scientific research; Providing information, including online, about scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; Provision of geographical information; Provision of information relating to environmental sustainability; Provision of information relating to scientific research; Scientific and technical analysis; Scientific research; Scientific research relating to ecology; Research in the field of environmental protection; Oceanographic research services]

Type of Mark: Word

Date of Acceptance: April 22

Registration Advertised: July 17

For further details contact O'Reilly Stevens Lawyers.

The original document can be viewed at: https://search.ipaustralia.gov.au/trademarks/search/view/2056083.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document HTAUGN0020200718eg7i0001p




News
Over-75s are urged to sign up for benefit

Sarah O'Grady 
504 words
17 July 2020
The Daily Express
THEEXP
1; Scotland
2
English
(c) 2020 Express Newspapers 

EXCLUSIVE

MORE than a million of the UK's poorest old folk are not claiming the Pension Credit benefit to which they are entitled, finance expert Martin Lewis has warned. Many elderly people do not even know they are entitled to the tax-free money, worth an average of £3,000 a year, and oldest pensioners stand to lose the most. From this August 1, up to 1.5 million pensioners over 75 could lose their free BBC TV licence if they do not receive the welfare benefit. Yet 590,000 of them are "entitled nonrecipients", latest figures from the Department ofWork and Pensions reveal. Mr Lewis, founder of MONEYSAVINGEXPERT.com, speaking exclusively to the Daily Express, said: "Pension credit is disgracefully underclaimed, which is why I am somewhat nervous at the BBC linking the TV licence to it. "The best thing to do is see it as an opportunity to shout about it. There are 1.2 million people eligible for this gateway benefit who aren't claiming it. "Not only is it worth possibly thousands of pounds and will entitle those over 75 to a free TV licence - it acts as a gateway for eligibility for many other discounts. Those include housing benefit, heating bills, free dental care, eye care vouchers and more. "I'd urge anyone over 65 on a lower income to either use the government's online pension credit calculator, or just call the hotline to see if you're eligible." The Pension Credit (PC) is paid to people aged over state pension age and living on less than £173.75 a week as a sin- gle person, or £265.20 a week as a couple. This includes pensions, savings and salaries. Additionally, there are deals on offer from companies to customers on pension credit. For example, the BT Basic phone service charges just £5.10 a month for line rental, including a £1.50 call allowance. For BT Basic-plus Broadband it's just £9.95.month. More than three million households are eligible for pension credit, but 1.2 million fail to claim the benefit, according to the DWP. Around 900,000 pensioners aged 75-plus claim the support but, if everyone claimed it who was entitled to it, the figure would rise to 1.5 million. The axing of the free TV licence for up to 3.7 million people is set to save the BBC £745million a year. The scheme was funded by the Government since 2000 then responsibility for the provision was passed to the BBC as part of its last licence fee settlement in 2015. The Department forWork and Pensions launched an awareness campaign earlier this year encouraging people to claim pension credit, which is not automatically given. You can apply via Gov.UK if you've already claimed your state pension, or phone the Pension Service on 0800 99 1234 or the NI Pension Centre on 0808 100 6165.

Document THEEXP0020200717eg7h000c1




Education
UK universities: no automatic tuition fee refunds, MPs say

Richard Adams Education editor 
504 words
13 July 2020
09:01 AM
The Guardian
GRDN
18
English
© Copyright 2020.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

Petitions committee concludes there should not be a universal reimbursement for coronavirus disruption Coronavirus - latest updatesSee all our coronavirus coverage

Students at British universities should not expect automatic tuition fee refunds for disruption caused by the coronavirus outbreak, according to MPs, despite complaints from thousands of those affected.

The MPs on parliament's petitions committee said while many students had lost out as a result of campus closures and the switch to remote learning, at least some universities had made "enormous efforts" to provide effective teaching.

In a report, the committee concluded: "While students do have a right to seek a refund or to repeat part of their course if the service provided by their university is substandard, we do not believe that there should be a universal refund or reimbursement of tuition fees to all university students."

The National Union of Students has said UK universities should offer the chance to repeat the year at no extra cost, or reimburse students' debts and costs.

The committee heard evidence from students and policymakers after a petition to reimburse all students for this year's fees gained more than 300,000 signatures. The report will be forwarded to the government and requires a response within two months.

Catherine McKinnell, the Labour MP who chairs the petitions committee, said: "Despite the hard work of lecturers and support staff, some universities have been unable to provide courses in a way that students feel is good value for money. Therefore, while we do not consider that a blanket refund for all students is necessarily required, we believe that the government has a role in ensuring any student whose university experience has fallen short is compensated."

The report calls for refund procedures to be streamlined and better publicised, saying the existing complaints process or use of the courts places too much of a burden on individual students and are likely to be overwhelmed by a flood of cases.

The MPs also said the government should pay for tuition fee refunds this year, "given the importance of the higher education sector to the UK economy, and the exceptional circumstances".

The committee's research found just 7% of students were satisfied with the quality of education received this year, while 87% said their teaching hours had decreased since March. About 47% said they had paid for accommodation they didn't need.

The committee heard from one student who said that after lectures were cancelled, "half my lecturers just stuck up last year's recordings". Another said: "We lost all of our international courses, events, networking opportunities, and even access to university facilities, like the library and data terminals."

Another student told the MPs: "Most private schools have given a tuition fee decrease for the final term, which students will not be attending. If a private school can do that, when they are practically reliant on those funds, I feel that universities should be able to as well."

Document GRDN000020200712eg7c002s2




Money,Tips,jobs,The Sun Newspaper
SUNEMPLOYMENT Start a career in care as 80,000 vacancies open up during the coronavirus pandemic

Jane Hamilton 
504 words
10 July 2020
08:10 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

COULD you care for a career?

The pandemic has highlighted the vital contribution made by those who look after the elderly, vulnerable and disabled.

A new poll, from not-for-profit care provider Anchor Hanover, found 62 per cent of the public now have a higher opinion of these workers.

But there is still a huge staff shortage, with around 80,000 vacancies - including support roles such as cooks and cleaners, as well as HR and admin staff.

While many start on minimum wage, there is good job security and you can quickly climb to management level.

Chancellor Rishi Sunak has put up £17million to attract recruits.

He is funding more than 30,000 places on a Work Academies scheme offering training, work experience and guaranteed interviews.

Placements last up to six weeks and just under half of jobless young people who finish the scheme get a job.

Maria Bamford, of Anchor Hanover, said: "During these unprecedented times, many will be considering next career steps and how they can give back to society.

"Those who care for older people have one of the most valuable roles.

"You can make a living out of making a difference."

jobspot

ALLIED Healthcare is taking on care staff up and down the land.

Call 0800 542 1895 or see recruitment@alliedhealthcare.com for details.

Top tips to get started

IF you like the sound of the work described on this page but are still unsure about how to get into it, we know just the person to help.

Here, Katy Salliss, manager of the care provider Audley Villages' Willicombe Park site in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, shares her top tips for landing a job . . .

* VOLUNTEER: You will gain valuable experience, understand the challenges and expectations of the job and, best of all, see how rewarding it is to make someone smile and feel valued.

* RESEARCH THE JOB: Be it in residential care or the community, nursing or live-in care, all jobs have different requirements and working patterns. Find out what would suit you best and fit with your life outside work.

* SPEAK TO OTHER CARERS: Find out what an average day might look like, to give you an idea if it is right for you. They can also advise you on how to apply.

* BE PASSIONATE ABOUT CARE: Staff care deeply about the lives they touch, and in turn find the work hugely rewarding. Empathy, compassion and understanding are so important.

* BE PREPARED TO BE FLEXIBLE: Care is not a nine-to-five job. It can involve long days and you have to be open to last-minute changes to your schedule. Having an open mind, being flexible and prepared for all eventualities are all important traits for a successful career.

GOT a story? RING The Sun on 0207 782 4104 or WHATSAPP on 07423720250 or EMAIL exclusive@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESCOT020200709eg7900gih


Lifestyle,Money
BBC to scrap free TV licence for over-75s from August 1

By Sherna Noah 
504 words
9 July 2020
11:41 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2020 Trinity Mirror 

Millions of pensioners will now have to pay £157.50 a year

The BBC's free TV licencefor over-75s will be means-tested from August 1 after the date was delayed from June 1.

Under the plans, more than three million households will now have to pay the£157.50 annual fee.

The broadcaster previously postponed the axing of the universal entitlement for pensioners because of thecoronavirus pandemic.

BBC chairman Sir David Clementi said: "The decision to commence the new scheme in August has not been easy, but implementation of the new scheme will beCovid-19safe.

"The BBC could not continue delaying the scheme without impacting on programmes and services.

"Around 1.5 million households could get free TV licences if someone is over 75 and receivesPension Credit, and 450,000 of them have already applied.

"And critically, it is not the BBC making that judgment about poverty. It is the Government who sets and controls that measure.

"Like most organisations, the BBC is under severe financial pressure due to the pandemic, yet we have continued to put the public first in all our decisions.

"I believe continuing to fund some free TV licences is the fairest decision for the public, as we will be supporting the poorest, oldest pensioners without impacting the programmes and services that all audiences love."

Lockdown easing in Scotland: Stay in the know with our newsletters

TV Licensing email scams on the rise during lockdown - how to easily spot and report them

Charities including Age UK have urged the BBC to scrap the decision to end the universal benefit, saying that pensioners relied on theirfree TV licencemore than ever, as their main source of news and information about Covid-19 in lockdown.

Thefree TV licencewas introduced in 2000, but the BBC agreed to take on responsibility for funding the scheme as part of the charter agreement hammered out with the UK Government in 2015.

The broadcaster, which faces increased competition from streaming giants, has said it cannot afford to take on the financial burden from the UK Government.

Continuing with the Government scheme would have cost the corporation £745 million, the BBC said, meaning the closures of BBC Two, BBC Four, the BBC News Channel, the BBC Scotland channel, Radio 5 Live, and a number of local radio stations, as well as other cuts and reductions.

But the move provoked a swathe of criticism, with the likes of Dame Helen Mirren calling the end of the universal entitlement "heartbreaking", and former prime minister Gordon Brown saying "costs should be covered by the Government".

The decision comes as the Government is set to announce its response to a consultation on decriminalising licence fee evasion.

The Government launched an eight-week consultation in February which received more than 100,00 responses.

A report in May suggested that hundreds of people had opted to cancel theirTV licenceeach day over the past five maonths.

Coronavirus widget

Document DRECRONL20200709eg79002xm




Chancellor announces 50% 'Eat Out to Help Out' discount for pub and restaurant meals during August

504 words
8 July 2020
PoliticsHome
POLITH
English
© 2020 Dods Parliamentary Communications Ltd. All rights Reserved 

People will be able to claim 50% off their meals in pubs and restaurants in August as part of plans to boost the flagging hospitality industry, Rishi Sunak has announced.

The Chancellor unveiled a range of measures to try and help the economy recover from the coronavirus pandemic, including a VAT cut on "food, accommodation and attractions".

And will be able to save half the cost of their food if they go out to eat between Monday and Wednesday from the Government.

Delivering his summer mini-budget he told the Commons: "I can announce today that, for the month of August, we will give everyone in the country an 'Eat Out to Help Out' discount.

"Meals eaten at any participating business, Monday to Wednesday, will be 50% off, up to a maximum discount of £10 per head for everyone, including children. 

"Businesses will need to register, and can do so through a simple website, open next Monday.

"Each week in August, businesses can then claim the money back, with the funds in their bank account within five working days."

Mr Sunak said he wants to see pubs, restaurants, cafes and B&Bs "bustling again", telling MPs: "At the moment, VAT on hospitality and tourism is charged at 20%.

"So I've decided, for the next six months, to cut VAT on food, accommodation and attractions."

The Chancellor said the sales tax would be reduced to 5% from 15 July to 12 January, 2021.

"This is a £4billion catalyst for the hospitality and tourism sectors, benefiting over 150,000 businesses, and consumers everywhere - all helping to protect 2.4 million jobs," he added.

The Treasury said the temporary VAT cut will apply to "supplies of food and non-alcoholic drinks from restaurants, pubs, bars, cafés and similar premises across the UK" - meaning booze is excluded.

The measures were welcomed by the Food and Drink Foundation, but it called for the option of extending the furlough scheme for the hostility industry to be kept on the table.

It chief executive Ian Wright said: "The UK's food and drink manufacturers who supply into the hospitality and catering trade have been hard hit by the crisis, as their customers disappeared overnight. 

"These 'squeezed middle' firms will enthusiastically welcome the Chancellor's announcement today to cut VAT on food and hospitality and slash the cost of eating out. 

"We hope these measures will lead to a significant boost in demand for the hundreds of manufacturers who supply into hospitality and the out of home sectors and help them to manage increased supply costs."

He added: "However, if demand does not return quickly, these firms will continue to struggle unless they - and the sector they supply - receive additional employment support. 

"The Chancellor must therefore keep the option of extending full furlough support to hospitality and their food and drink suppliers in his back pocket so we do not lose vital jobs and businesses."

Document POLITH0020200708eg780002w




Uncategorized
SAUCY SALES Lovehoney slashes 50% off sex toys for next two weeks as part of summer sale - here's what to buy

Harriet Flook 
504 words
8 July 2020
01:55 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

LOVEHONEY has announced a huge summer sale, with up to 50 per cent off sex toys for the next two weeks.

Until July 20th, they're offering a bumper rate of discounts to the delight of shoppers.

Available now, there's up to 50 per cent of sex toys at Lovehoney - but you'll have to be quick as there's only two weeks left to snap up a deal.

* Save up to 50 per cent at Lovehoney - buy here

Shoppers can save up to 50 per cent off best sellers including own brand Lovehoney toys, the best selling Womanizer and more.Those looking for a great deal should check out the Womanizer which has a helpful £24 slashed of the price tag.Designed to mimic oral sex, it's been dubbed a "game changer" after shoppers claimed it gave them an orgasm in less than 30 seconds.It even received hundreds of five-star reviews online with one woman calling it a "little slice of heaven" and even asking if it was appropriate to "marry a machine".The sale ends of July 20th, so shoppers haven't got long if they want to snap up a saucy deal.A Lovehoney spokesperson said: "We like to reward our loyal customers with a big range of bargains over the summer. In addition to these discounts, there are fresh deals running on the website every day throughout the four weeks of the promotion."You can see the full list of deals here, but here are the items to snap up now:

* Lovehoney Bigs Bunny Girthy Rabbit Vibrator, £41.99, WAS £69.99 - buy here

* Sweetie Bunny Ears Vibrator,£20.99, WAS £29.99 - buy here

* Lovehoney Secret Sensations Remote Control Love Egg, £20.99, WAS £34.99 - buy here

* Lovehoney Booty Buddy Silicone Butt Plug £7.79, WAS £12.99 - buy here

* Lovehoney Beginner's Unisex Strap-On Harness Kit , £27.99, WAS £39.99 - buy here

* Lovehoney Ring It On Rabbit Love Ring £17.99, WAS £29.99 - buy here

* Lovehoney Reversible Double Stroker Ultimate Nodules, £8.99, WAS £14.99 - buy here

* Womanizer Classic Rechargeable Clitoral Stimulator, £95.99, WAS £119.99 - buy here

One woman says her Amazon's £30 vibrator is a 'gift from God' which stopped her from walking for 30 minutes in ecstatic review.

Another woman says vibrator made her 'lose my mind in 4 minutes' and it's so good she might 'give men the swerve permanently'.

Lovehoney have also released a 'magic' vibrator which gives instant orgasms & feels like 'popping candy' between legs

This article and any featured products have been independently chosen by The Sun journalists. All recommendations within the article are informed by expert editorial opinion. If you click a link and buy a product we may earn revenue: this helps to support The Sun, and in no way affects our recommendations.

Document THESCOT020200707eg77005ei




News
Workers facing a lifetime of playing pension catch-up

SION BARRY 
504 words
6 July 2020
The Western Mail
WESMAI
1; National
20
English
© 2020 Western Mail and Echo Ltd 

WORKERS in sectors including retail, travel and hospitality could face a lifetime of "playing catch-up" with their retirement savings, an insurer has warned.

Scottish Widows said many workers who are now taking a hit to their finances were already finding it difficult to save adequately for retirement before the coronavirus pandemic struck.

They could now struggle with ever being able to afford to retire.

Some are in sectors where businesses are feeling severe economic impacts from Covid-19, including the prospect of widespread job losses.

Scottish Widows' annual retirement report, looking at more than 5,000 adults across the UK, found that: ¦ More than a quarter (27%) of people working in travel and the arts have not yet started saving into a pension; ¦ Two-thirds (67%) of retail workers are worried that if they ever did retire, they would quickly run out of money; ¦ Nearly two-thirds (62%) of construction workers feel they are not preparing adequately for retirement; and ¦ Less than a fifth (18%) of restaurant workers are optimistic about their retirement.

It is highly likely that these workers are now also facing new financial pressures that will make saving for the long term even more difficult, Scottish Widows said.

It said one reason workers have historically been pessimistic about retirement, even before Covid-19, is employers who only contribute the legal minimum amounts into their pension.

Pete Glancy, head of policy at Scottish Widows, said that while around three in five people generally are estimated to be saving adequately for their retirement, "long-term prospects are still to a large degree defined by the industry in which people work".

"That's because while auto-enrolment has transformed the retirement prospects of millions, minimum contributions are still far below what is needed to provide a good standard of living," he said.

"We recognise that the next 12-18 months is going to be about businesses getting back on their feet, but many individuals have taken a substantial hit to their finances and the fear is that the gap can't be closed, meaning they face a lifetime of work as they struggle to afford to retire."

Scottish Widows also said hardworking "multi-jobbers" risk being left behind.

For example, a quarter (24%) of people in travel and tourism and in the arts have more than one job. This rises to 27% of people who work in education, the report said.

In total there are around 6.8 million "multi-jobbers" in the UK, Scottish Widows said.

Its report warned they could miss out on pension contributions because their income is split across different employers, so they could fall short of the minimum earnings threshold for automatic enrolment for each of those jobs.

Mr Glancy added: "The pension system unfairly penalises those who are in low-paid work. Scrapping the minimum earnings threshold would allow millions of multi-jobbers to benefit from auto-enrolment like everyone else, and is long overdue."

Document WESMAI0020200706eg7600007




MENENDEZ WARNS OF IMPENDING EVICTION, FORECLOSURE CRISIS DUE TO COVID-19 PANDEMIC

504 words
1 July 2020
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2020. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

WASHINGTON, DC, July 1 -- The office of Sen. Bob Menendez issued the following news release:

U.S. Senator Bob Menendez (D-N.J.), the ranking member of the Senate's housing subcommittee, today spoke on the Senate floor to warn his colleagues of a looming foreclosure and eviction crisis brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic and economic fallout if Congress fails to act.

"[A]n impending storm ... is brewing and headed our way. It will bring with it enormous financial pain. It will threaten public safety. It will make fighting the pandemic that much harder. And it will set back our nation's economic recovery," said Sen. Menendez. "If the Senate fails to respond to this looming crisis, Americans will needlessly suffer, families will be displaced, personal fortunes will be wiped out, and the scars will run so deep, it could take decades to heal the wounds."

Sen. Menendez urged his colleagues to pass four separate pieces of legislation aimed at stabilizing the housing market and ensuring residents can remain safe and secure in their homes.

This week, he introduced the Coronavirus Housing Counseling Improvement Act (https://www.menendez.senate.gov/search?q=housing+counseling&access=p&as_dt=i&as_epq=&as_eq=&as_lq=&as_occt=any&as_oq=&as_q=&as_sitesearch=&client=wyden&sntsp=0&filter=0&getfields=&lr=&num=15&numgm=3&oe=UTF8&output=xml_no_dtd&partialfields=&proxycustom=&proxyreload=0&proxystylesheet=default_frontend&requiredfields=&sitesearch=&sort=date%3AD%3AS%3Ad1&start=0&ud=1) to expand access to critical information, assistance programs and services for millions of families struggling to remain in their homes because of the COVID-19 pandemic and economic fallout. According to research, homeowners who receive counseling have a better chance at avoiding default, protecting their credit scores, reducing debt and securing mortgage modifications.

Sen. Menendez announced that he will introduce a separate bill, the Emergency Housing Assistance for Older Adults Act, which would provide $1.2 billion for two key HUD housing assistance programs in order to ensure that federally-assisted senior housing facilities have the necessary resources to effectively protect residents during the COVID-19 pandemic.

The senator has cosponsored the Housing Assistance Fund (https://www.menendez.senate.gov/news-and-events/press/menendez-will-introduce-bill-to-create-new-75b-housing-assistance-fund-to-keep-nj-families-in-their-homes) to provide $75 billion in targeted assistance to keep people in their homes while they search for new employment or wait to get back to work by helping residents pay the mortgage, utilities, and support to prevent eviction, delinquency or foreclosure. He is also an original cosponsor of the Emergency Rental Assistance and Rental Market Stabilization Act, which would provide $100 billion to help families pay rent and help property owners maintain safe and healthy housing.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document INDFED0020200702eg71001be




State Pension: Can I retire at 60 and claim State Pension?

Amalie Henden 
504 words
2 July 2020
03:39 AM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2020 

STATE PENSION age is rapidly increasing, but could you retire at 60 and still claim the money if you wanted to?

State Pension is part of the Government's pension arrangements and although anyone can make a claim, benefits vary. In the last decade, the pension scheme has massively changed, and the age of which one can retire has steadily increased.

Can you retire at 60 and still claim State Pension?How much State Pension you can receive vary depending on a number of factors such as age.

If you wish to retire early, or have other reasons to stop working, such as poor health or redundancy, your State Pension is likely to be affected.

Although you can retire at any age, you can only claim your State Pension when you reach State Pension age.

READ MORE: Workers see their health deteriorating as pension age rises

READ MORE

Before making the decision to stop working, you need to know all your pension options to make sure you'll have enough to live on in retirement.

For other pensions you need to check with the scheme provider when you can retire.

The amount you'll get depends on your National Insurance record and when you reach State Pension age.

You'll claim basic State Pension and Additional State Pension if you reached State Pension age before April 6, 2016.

You'll claim the new State Pension if you reach State Pension age on or after April 6, 2016.

Can you be forced to retire?In some cases an employer can force you to retire at a certain age.

This is known as compulsory retirement age.

However, if they do this they must give a good reason why.

DON'T MISS

State Pension: When can I claim my State Pension? [EXPLAINER]

State Pension age timetable: What age do you get State Pension? [INSIGHT]

Pensioner crisis: Britain's boom in elderly to spark social care chaos [ANALYSIS]

Related articles

READ MORE

One example can be if the job requires certain physical abilities.

Another reason can be if the job has an age limit set by law, such as the fire service.

You can claim your pension while you're working, as long as you've reached State Pension age, if you're claiming the State Pension.

If you have a workplace pension, reducing your working hours could affect how much you get, this should be checked with your employer.

How to check your State Pension ageYour State Pension age is worked out based on your gender and date of birth.

Under the current law, the State Pension age is due to increase to 68 between 2044 and 2046.

You can check your State Pension age using the Government's State Pension age tool here.

Related articles Pension: How self-employed people can plan for retirement Pension UK: Savings gap between men and women widens How much YOU should put into your pension pot revealed

Document EXCO000020200701eg71005mu




Sunwing offers long-awaited deals with significant savings on vacations at RIU Hotels & Resorts

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
25 June 2020
Contify Retail News
ATRTAL
English
Copyright © 2020 Contify.com 

TORONTO, June 25 -- Sunwing Vacations Inc issued the following news release:

Canadians who have been dreaming about a tropical getaway with white-sand beaches and sunny skies can get the deal they've been waiting for on a fall or winter vacation with Sunwing's See You at RIU Sale. For a limited time, the tour operator is offering deals with savings of up to 35% on vacation packages to RIU Hotels & Resorts and RIU Palace Resorts for departures in November and December 2020. Sun-seekers can enjoy more freedom and flexibility than ever before including the ability to change or cancel their plans with ease, flexible payment options and complimentary Price Drop Cash Back of up to $800 per couple.

Vacationers who book with Sunwing can enjoy peace of mind with the Safe with Sunwing commitment which ensures the health and safety of customers throughout their entire vacation journey, from the moment they check-in at the airport to their airport transfers, throughout their resort stay and their journey home. RIU Hotels & Resorts has also implemented new measures at all their properties including temperature checks for guests at check-in, reduced resort capacity to abide by social distancing guidelines and enhanced cleaning protocols.

Families won't have to worry about keeping the kids entertained at Riu Dunamar in Playa Mujeres. This top-rated family resort offers plenty of opportunities for fun in the sun, from unlimited access to the on-site 'Splash Water World' water park to an all-day entertainment program.

Canadians who are tired of being cooped up at home can trade in their living room for an oceanview pool at Riu Bambu. Nestled on the pristine shores of Arena Gorda Beach in Punta Cana, guests can grab a drink from the swim-up bar before soaking up the sun on a poolside lounger.

Riu Ocho Rios in Jamaica is another popular choice for sun-seekers in need of a well-deserved getaway. Vacationers can spend their days at the water park before indulging in a range of cuisine options at on-site restaurants, including the new beachside Jerk Chicken Station.

About Sunwing

The largest integrated travel company in North America, Sunwing has more flights to the south than any other leisure carrier with convenient direct service from over 33 airports across Canada to more than 45 popular sun destinations across the U.S.A., Caribbean, Mexico and Central America. This scale enables Sunwing to offer customers exclusive deals at top-rated resorts in the most popular vacation destinations as well as cruise packages and seasonal domestic flight service. Sunwing customers benefit from the assistance of the company's own knowledgeable destination representatives, who greet them upon arrival and support them throughout their vacation journey. The company supports the communities where it operates through the Sunwing Foundation, a charitable initiative focused on the support and development of youth and humanitarian aid.

Source: Sunwing Vacations Inc

Document ATRTAL0020200626eg6p0005t




Money
What cinemas will look like after lockdown -with special areas for social bubbles

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
17 June 2020
09:16 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2020 Mirror Group Ltd 

One of the UK's biggest cinema chains said it plans to reopen in July as Britain's entertainment sector gets back on track following months of lockdown

Cineworld is preparing to reopen all branches in England on July 10 with a new digital bookings system that will involve visitors checking in before attending viewings in person.

The chain, which was forced to close all 128 outlets on March 18, said it will be back in business next month, with the Government's new safety gudielines in place.

New measures will include 'updated seating maps' to space viewers out while all customers will have to book and confirm via a virtual bookings system.

In a statement, the world's second largest cinema group explained: "We are excited to announce that we are planning to reopen Cineworld Cinemas across England on 10th July 2020.

"The opening date is subject to final clarifications and confirmation in regards to UK government restrictions, with dates to follow for our cinemas in Scotland, Wales and Ireland."

It comes as the lockdown was eased on Monday, allowing non-essential shops to open in England.

Under latest guidelines, drive-in cinemas can now reopen -though the Government has warned that indoor cinemas should not open until July 4 at the earliest.

Cineworld, which has 787 outlets globally, said there will be social distancing when stores reopen, with hand washing stations located throughout branches.

Tickets will be booked in advance on the company website or app -and confirmation emails will be sent in advance of bookings.

New seating maps will also be in place to "allow friends and family to sit together while ensuring a safe distance between customers from different households".

But the measures will vary based on the capacity and layout of each screen.

Film start and end times will be staggered to reduce customer interaction, while plastic screens will be placed at the till and PPE will be provided to employees, the company added.

Chief executive Mooky Greidinger said: "We are thrilled to be back and encouraged by recent surveys that show that many people have missed going to the movie theatre.

"With a strong slate confirmed for the coming weeks, including among others Tenet, Mulan, A Quiet Place Part II, Wonder Women 1984, Black Widow, Bond, Soul, Top Gun Maverick and many more, the entire Cineworld team remains committed to being "the best place to watch a movie"."

The company was unable to comment on how the lockdown will affect those on its £238 a year unlimited membership plan.

Major chains, including Odeon, Cineworld and Picturehouse, as well as BFI Southbank, the screening complex operated by the British Film Institute, announced they were closing their doors with immediate effect in March as the lockdown came into effect,

Vue, another of the UK's biggest cinema chains, has said it will reopen on July 4 if given the green light from ministers.

Document MIRUK00020200617eg6h002s2




Tech
Anthropologie sale items are at a huge discount for Memorial Day-but not for long

Melissa Lee 
504 words
23 May 2020
USA Today Online
USATONL
English
Copyright © 2020 USA Today Online. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All rights reserved. 

- Recommendations are independently chosen by Reviewed's editors. Purchases you make through our links may earn us a commission.

Ah, sweet, sweet Anthropologie. Known for its fashion-forward clothing, furniture and accessories, the boho-chic retailer is no stranger to impressive sales, frequently offering markdowns on even already-discounted goodies. Memorial Day weekend brings some of its most impressive savings yet, however, with an extra 50% off nearly everything in the site's sale section.

Need help finding products? Sign up for our weekly newsletter. It's free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

You can grab this Gable Tiered Tunic, for instance, once $118 and marked down to $79.95, for $39.98 with the extra 50% off discount, giving you a little more than $78 in savings. Its super-summery pastel shades provide a fun pop of color, and 4.7-star reviews note that it fits beautifully.

Dressier, work-ready pieces are also included in this promotion, like this Hildi Pleated Midi Skirt in black and white. Originally $118, Anthro has already slashed the price of this piece down to $69.95, and, when you add it to your cart, you can snag it for only $34.98. That's a savings of $83.02! The geometric pattern of this skirt is super unique and it features a flattering pleated detail. Meanwhile, its midi length is right on-trend. This skirt has garnered 4.8-star reviews from plenty of customers who commented on its slimming fit, with others noting that it's also comfortable enough to lounge around in at home.

Also on sale is this modern Tabitha Foldover Clutch, which is available in an ashy gray leather. Normally retailing for $68, it's on sale for $49.95, and thanks to this holiday sale, you can nab it for $24.97 in your cart. The ring handle is effortlessly cool, while the crossbody strap allows you to rock it as a clutch or an everyday purse. Crafted from high-quality leather, it contains one outer snap pocket, three interior slip compartments and zip and magnetic closures. One happy shopper was thrilled with this purchase, writing that it's a versatile piece that's easy to dress up or down.

This sale-on-sale promotion even extends to furniture, where you can snag rugs, candles, dressers and more for an additional 25% off when you add them to your cart, so if you're looking to remodel your pad, now's the time.

Shop Anthropologie's Memorial Day sale

The product experts at Reviewed have all your shopping needs covered. Follow Reviewed on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for the latest deals, reviews, and more.

Prices were accurate at the time this article was published but may change over time.

This article originally appeared on Reviewed.com: Anthropologie sale items are at a huge discount for Memorial Day-but not for long

Document USATONL020200523eg5n000ul




Local News
The crucial detail Martin Lewis says is missing from UK furlough scheme

By, Rachel Pugh & Danielle Hoe 
504 words
13 May 2020
05:57 AM
examiner.co.uk
HUDEXONL
English
© 2020 Trinity Mirror 

The money saving expert has given his take on the announcement today by the Chancellor Rishi Sunak

The government announced today that the furlough scheme is to be extended until October.

Earlier Chancellor Rishi Sunak said the scheme will continue to pay a percentage or workers wages for another four months.

However, from August, employers will be asked to 'start sharing' the cost.

Now Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis has given his take on the announcement, reports the Manchester Evening News.

In a video posted on Twitter, he said: "The Chancellor has just stood up in Parliament and announced an extension of the furlough scheme until October.

"The first thing is that the scheme is being extended until July -exactly as it is now -80% up to £2,500, exactly the same eligibility.

"So that's really the initial three month scheme that was extended to June and now goes on until July in the same way.

"After July the intention is to put some flexibility in the scheme, to allow people to start working while they're on furlough.

"The current rules are you can't work for your existing employer while on furlough, you can work for another employer, although you'll need your existing employer's permission -depending on your contract -to do so.

"After that point -from August to September and October -what we'll have is you will be able to work for your employer, but your employer will be asked to share the cost."

Martin has said, though, that people will be no worse-off if they work part-time.

"Even if your employer's sharing the cost, you're still going to get a minimum 80% of pay while on furlough," he said.

There are still some things up in the air, though, as Martin explained.

"What we don't know yet is whether, once we get to that August period where part time work will be allowed, will be whether it will have to be, whether the only furlough will be a part time scheme.

"I can't see that working, because there will still be some sectors of society that probably aren't opened up yet."

Martin also noticed a big gap in the announcement.

He said: "Also, conspicuous by its absence, is any mention of the self-employment income support scheme, which is -of course -open from tomorrow. That only pays out for three months.

"So we have a full five months of Government furlough, and only three months of self-employment at the moment.

"And then you've got the extension period, when you'll have that other -slightly changed -incarnation of Government furlough and still no news for the self-employed.

"So there will still be some people who are fully Government furloughed."

He finished by saying: "I would find it quite flabbergasting if there wasn't some support for the self-employed to come."

Document HUDEXONL20200512eg5c002jp


Extra
Alaska governor signs bill to enable creation of electric reliability council

Jeff Stanfield 
504 words
11 May 2020
SNL Canada Energy Week
PWCAN
Issue: 109847
English
Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved. 

Alaska Gov. Mike Dunleavy signed a bill to enable utilities, independent power producers and consumer groups to establish statutorily enforcible reliability and transmission standards through an independent regional reliability council.

Signed into law April 29, Senate Bill 123 affirms the Regulatory Commission of Alaska's authority to regulate a reliability organization and define the basic structure, responsibilities and authorities of that organization. The bill also empowers the commission to require preapproval of large generation and transmission projects undertaken by Alaska utilities as part of the interconnected network.

The effort to form a regional reliability organization was launched by a group of so-called "Railbelt utilities," which get their name from the Alaska Railroad along which the state's most populated municipalities developed.

The Alaska Power Association, which counts those utilities among its members, said the reliability council will coordinate integrated resource planning and ensure consistent interconnection protocols for utilities, independent power producers and other entities that want to use the grid. The association said the council will work with the commission to develop a cost-sharing methodology for assets that provide regional benefits.

Railbelt utilities Anchorage Municipal Light & Power Inc., Chugach Electric Association Inc., Golden Valley Electric Association Inc., Homer Electric Association Inc., Matanuska Electric Association Inc. and the City Of Seward's electric utility signed an agreement in December 2019 pledging to form an independent regional reliability council and to work together on enforceable standards to improve Railbelt electric reliability and cybersecurity.

Sen. John Coghill, R-North Pole, who is chairman of the Special Senate Railbelt Electric System Committee that drafted and introduced the bill, said the council should be "up and running" by mid-2021.

"On behalf of electric utility customers from Fairbanks to the Matanuska and Susitna valleys, from Anchorage through the Kenai Peninsula to Homer and Seward, S.B. 123 will foster cooperation among the interconnected utilities and ensure consumer needs are efficiently and reliably met," Coghill said in a press release.

Regulatory Commission Chairman Bob Pickett said legislative leaders, the commission, utilities, independent power producers and other public interest representatives contributed to the effort, which started in 2014.

Chugach Electric COO Brian Hickey said the formation of a reliability organization is important because Alaska's grid is not linked with any other state or Canadian province, and the isolated system, therefore, cannot rely on other grids for support. Alaska's electric system is small with few interconnections and generation facilities, so its spinning reserve requirements are much greater than those of the lower 48 states, he said.

Because it makes no interstate exchanges of electricity, Alaska's power system is not subject to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's jurisdiction. Its existing voluntary reliability standards are loosely based on those established by the North American Electric Reliability Corp., Hickey said in a phone call.

More than 90% of Alaskans get electricity from either a cooperative or a municipal utility, according to the Alaska Power Association.

Document PWCAN00020200512eg5b00007




Health News,Money,Shopping,Coronavirus,Explainers,Money explainers
RULES BRITANNIA Supermarket coronavirus rules - from no kids allowed to social distancing

Justin Lawrence 
504 words
9 May 2020
10:26 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2020 

https://www.thesun.co.uk/topic/coronavirus/

LONG queues snaking around Britain's supermarkets have become a common sight during coronavirus lockdown.

From a ban on children in store to social distancing in the aisles, here are the rules to follow during your food shop.

Read our coronavirus live blog for the latest news & updates

Why have supermarkets introduced new rules during coronavirus lockdown?

Despite calls for customers to refrain from frequenting stores and panic-buying, long queues and short supplies have become the norm in the majority of supermarkets across the country.

This has forced them to implement new rules to ensure public safety and allow other customers a fair chance of grabbing supplies.

Packed stores make it difficult for staff and customers to adhere to the two-metres distance rule put in place to stop the coronavirus spreading.

Also, the constant flux of customers means that there is no time for workers to replenish stock for the next day, to combat this, stores have been shutting early to have enough time to prepare for the long days ahead.

Can I still take my kids to the supermarket?

It's been reported that some stores have been refusing to let parents bring their kids in.

Furious customers have been voicing their anger and frustration over social media about these measures, calling out some of the big-name stores for its treatment of single mothers.

One shopper said: "Asda are allowing one person only from each household. I just go10t turned away with my son.

"Luckily I could leave him outside if I wanted as he's old enough. Kinda concerned for the single parents with younger children and no family/support though."

Asda refuted these claims on its Twitter account saying: "You may have seen posts being shared on social media suggesting that families with children won't be allowed into our stores. This isn't the case."

Aldi, Sainsbury's and Tesco, all who have been accused of the same thing, have said they don't have a ban on children in stores, with each supermarket saying parents are able to bring kids in if necessary.

But as most supermarkets are limiting the amount of people allowed in-store at one time, it seems that children can fall into that category.

https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/LB-SHOP-GRAPHICS-3.jpg

Which shopping items are supermarkets rationing?

Rationing has been introduced by supermarkets for the first-time since World War II, in an effort to prevent coronavirus stockpiling.

Limits have been put in place on how many of one item you can buy per person across all products in all supermarkets.

In most cases this seems to be three or four items of any particular product per person. Each store has different variations on the products its choosing to limit, but most have highlighted these:

Document THESUK0020200509eg59003h1




MIL-OSI Australia: Microdata: Barriers and Incentives to Labour Force Participation, Retirement and Retirement Intentions

504 words
8 May 2020
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2020.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved. 

Source: Australian Bureau of Statistics 2

Introduction

This product provides a range of information about the release of microdata 2018-19 Barriers and Incentives to Labour Force Participation, Retirement and Retirement Intentions (B&I and R&RI), including details about the survey methodology and how to use the microdata product; TableBuilder. A data item list and information on the conditions of use and the quality of the microdata are also provided. TableBuilder is an online tool for creating tables and graphs.

Microdata are the most detailed information available from a survey and are generally the responses to individual questions on the questionnaire or data derived from two or more questions.

The B&I and R&RI survey was conducted throughout Australia during the 2018-19 financial year and is designed to provide detailed information on characteristics of people who are not participating, or not participating fully, in the labour force and the factors that influence them to join or leave the labour force, and on information on retirement trends, the factors which influence decisions to retire, and the income arrangements that retirees and potential retirees have made to provide for their retirement.

Further information about this product, and other information to assist users in understanding and accessing microdata in general, is available from the Microdata Entry Page. Before applying for access, users should read and familiarise themselves with the information contained in the TableBuilder, User Guide.

Barriers and Incentives to Labour Force Participation - August 28, 2020

Previously, data from the Barriers and Incentives to Labour Force Participation survey would be included in this TableBulder product. Data items relating to this survey are not yet available, and will be released on 28 August 2020 to co-incide with the publication of Barriers and Incentives to Labour Force Participation, Australia (cat. no. 6239.0).

Applying for access

To apply for access to TableBuilder, register and apply in Microdata Entry Page.

Further information on access steps can be found in How to Apply for Microdata on the ABS website.

Further information

Further information about the survey and the microdata can be found in the various pages associated with this product, including:

Support

For further support in the use of this product, please contact Microdata Access Strategies on 1300 135 070 or via microdata.access@abs.gov.au.

Data available on request

Data collected in the survey but not included in TableBuilder may be available from the ABS, on request, as statistics in tabulated form.

Subject to confidentiality and sampling variability constraints, special tabulations can be produced incorporating data items, populations and geographic areas selected to meet individual requirements. These are available, on request, on a fee for service basis. Contact the National Information and Referral Service on 1300 135 070 or client.services@abs.gov.au for further information.

Privacy

The ABS Privacy Policy outlines how the ABS handles any personal information that you provide to us.

MIL OSI News -

Document PARALL0020200508eg580005q


Lifestyle,Money
M&S launch meal plan that helps parents feed two kids for £15 a week

By Linda Howard 
504 words
1 May 2020
11:48 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2020 Trinity Mirror 

Marks and Spencer's new initiative offers five lunchtime meal ideas which could be a lifeline for families during lockdown

TheScottish Governmentpledged that all children eligible forfree school mealswould still receive them through their local authorities during lockdown.

Every child in Scotland attending a local council school iseligible for free school mealsin primary 1, 2 and 3, however, during lockdown these same children didn't automatically get them.

Most of the32 Scottish council websitesare offering support for anxious parents and providing weekly supermarket vouchers for eligible children - the amount and supermarket varies depending on yourlocal authority.

If you are eligible and not receiving meal vouchers, get in touch with your local council as soon as possible.

Find your local council websitehere.

The Daily Record's Great Big Lockdown Survey

Shortly after the school closures, Education Secretary Gavin Williamson said schools across the UK, including devolved administrations in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland could apply to join a national scheme to ensure those families most in need ofschool meal voucherswould get them.

The vouchers, worth £15-a-week for each eligible child, have been set above the £11.50 currently paid to schools for the cost of providing free meals.

And now to help parents feed their children at home,M&S Foodis accepting the £15 food vouchers, reportsManchester Evening News.

But, the high street favourite has gone one step further and put together a plan for simple, tasty and nutritionally balanced meals across the week.

M&Ssenior in-house nutritionist, Laura Street, has shared a downloadable meal planner with five simple lunches for two kids, which altogether costs under £15.

To make things easier, all products on the meal planner will be highlighted in stores with special "I'm on the shopping list" signs to offer a helping hand to parents as they shop.

Aldi shopper recreates Greggs Bacon and Cheese pastry for 71p - here's how to make it

25 easy lockdown meals Scots can make from store cupboard and leftovers

Easy cheesy pasta + banana

Tortilla pizzas + salad

Tuna pasta salad + crunchy crudité + fromage frais + banana

Speedy cheese & tomato toasts + fromage frais

Fish Finger sandwiches + fromage frais

Laura said: "Eating a healthy, balanced diet helps keep children healthy, gives them energy, and helps them to concentrate on school work and to be alert. Although we're facing challenging times, it's worth trying to embed a few healthy habits where you can - and hopefully these tips and recipe ideas will help you do that.

"If you're at home more, smaller habits repeated each day can really stick. But the main thing is not to be too hard on yourself.

"The 80/20 rule is a good one to keep in mind - if you can encourage children to eat a balanced diet around 80% of the time, you're on to a winner."

Coronavirus in Scotland

Document DRECRONL20200501eg5100336




Personal Finance Daily
Personal Finance
How some Georgia businesses are reopening and if you're skipping your mortgage payments, watch out for this costly mistake; Thursday's top personal finance stories

Elisabeth Buchwald 
504 words
1 May 2020
03:36 AM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2020 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Stay safe, MarketWatchers, and don't miss today's top stories:

Personal Finance

The help investors need most from financial advisers is often not about money

How advisers can master the art of hand-holding in turbulent times.

'Somebody seriously dropped the ball.' Health-care workers say backlash over Mike Pence's visit to Mayo Clinic missed the point

'The institution has an obligation first and foremost to make sure that all visitors are following their guidelines for safety for both patients and their staff.'

'It's something we're going to have to get used to.' How some Georgia businesses are reopening, one temperature check at a time

Bowlers at one bowling alley won't be allowed to pick out their own balls; one gym is opening extra early to disinfect exercise equipment.

Mortgage rates fall to new record low - here's why some loan applicants won't be offered them

The low interest rate environment isn't expected to bring much of a boost to the housing market, which is struggling as a result of the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic.

If you're skipping your mortgage payments, watch out for this costly mistake

More than 3.5 million mortgage borrowers have requested forbearance - they need to weigh their options carefully.

Why haven't I gotten my stimulus check? 6 reasons your payment might be a no-show

Nearly 90 million people have received their stimulus payments, the IRS says. Here's why you could still be waiting.

State employment offices are undergoing hiring sprees to process the influx of unemployment claims

Employment offices are putting retirees back to work in addition to hiring more workers amid the coronavirus pandemic.

What daily life during the pandemic looks like to people across the U.S., and beyond

MarketWatch asked readers to share pictures of what life during a pandemic looks like for them. Here are some of the images and stories they shared with us.

How to improve your chances of getting a refund on your flight, hotel or cruise if you cancel your summer vacation plans

Half of Americans are canceling vacation plans, and many have lost money on nonrefundable travel expenses because of the coronavirus pandemic.

Elsewhere on MarketWatch

How to reopen the U.S. economy and keep workers safe without 'Big Brother' watching us

Digital identity tools can certify people's health and protect personal privacy.

The unemployment checks still aren't in the mail for millions of jobless workers

New York and other states are still struggling to process a deluge of new applications for unemployment benefits, leaving millions of Americans frustrated and unable to receive badly needed cash.

U.S. savings rate jumps to highest level in 39 years

Household income dropped sharply in March along with a sharp decline in spending, the government said Thursday

Document MRKWC00020200430eg4u005h9




Business,Money,Coronavirus,Food,Glasgow news
FAST FOOD Burger King will reopen in Aberdeen, Dundee and Glasgow today

Sara Benwell 
504 words
29 April 2020
08:20 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

https://www.thescottishsun.co.uk/topic/coronavirus/

BURGER King is reopening eight more restaurants across the country from today - including four in Scotland.

Even better, the fast food chain has pledged to reopen one in every city by 31 May.

Read our coronavirus live blog for the latest news & updates

The restaurants reopening this week are:

* Aberdeen

* Dundee

* Havant

* Hillington

* Merton

* Reading

* Springfield Quay

* Southampton

All the newly reopened Burger Kings will start service from midday and close at 11pm.Customers can able to place their orders using delivery services Deliveroo and Just Eat.You won't be able to access the full Burger King menu, but favourites such as the Chicken Royale, Bacon Double Cheeseburger and Whopper will all be available.The Havant restaurant is also the first Burger King drive through to be re-opened.Greggs is opening a small number of branches to test how it will reopen its 2,050 shops

Burger King says it is trialling at Havant and then hoping to open more drive through Burger Kings in the coming weeks.It will be open between 12 - 11pm from tomorrow and will be offering the same limited menu as is available for delivery.Customers in Havant can also place delivery orders through Just Eat or Deliveroo.Following this week and as part of its phased re-opening plan, Burger King will re-open one restaurant in every city by May 31.The fast food chain will open a further 12 restaurants over the next 12 weeks.Several procedures have been put in place to safeguard the health of both Burger King employees and customers.These include:

* Additional PPE such as masks and gloves for staff

* Stringent cleaning measures

* Sontactless delivery options via Deliveroo and Just Eat

* Burger King staff trained on government social distancing measures - including how to run kitchens hygienically while following them.

As a way of saying thank you to the UK's NHS Heroes, Burger King UK has also announced it will continue to donate meals to staff working at hospitals near the re-opened restaurants.

CORONAVIRUS CRISIS-STAY IN THE KNOW

Don't miss the latest news and figures-and essential advice for you and your family.

To receive The Sun's Coronavirus newsletter in your inbox every tea time, sign up here. To follow us on Facebook, simply 'Like' our Coronavirus page.

Get Britain's best-selling newspaper delivered to your smartphone or tablet each day - find out more.

McDonald's tells staff its getting ready to reopen as PPE and social distancing tests start this week.

Greggs reopening 20 branches from next week for takeaways.

The shops and food chains that have reopened branches during lockdown including B&Q and Homebase.

We pay for your stories and videos! Do you have a story or video for The Scottish Sun? Email us at

 scoop@thesun.co.uk 

or call 0141 420 5300

Document THESCOT020200428eg4s00209




'Discriminated against': Disability pensioners fight for COVID-19 supplement

Angus Thompson 
504 words
28 April 2020
10:12 AM
The Sydney Morning Herald - Online
SMHHOL
English
Copyright © 2020 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited. www.smh.com.au. Not available for redistribution 

Disability pensioners claim they have been discriminated against by the federal government in its response to the coronavirus pandemic, with one young Sydney man saying he is on the verge of homelessness.

A coalition of advocacy groups are demanding the government include people receiving the disability support pension on the fortnightly $550 COVID-19 supplement following the exclusion of disabled people and their carers, despite welfare recipients such as those on JobSeeker, Youth Allowance and Austudy being eligible.

Brendan Brest, 22, who lives with a mental health disability, said he worked his way up from a life on the streets to living in transitional housing, with a view to moving into private, shared accommodation.

He was also climbing the ranks with his job at an airline when the crisis struck, seeing him stood down and unable to move out.

"I was on the verge of building myself up. I was looking at being stable. I was on the up hill and when all this turned up it just dropped," Mr Brest said.

After earning up to $1000 a fortnight with his pension and wage combined, he is now on half that after his community housing provider deducts the rent from the government payment.

Minus his living expenses, such as food, medication, internet and phone bill, Mr Brest said he wouldn't have enough to catch the train to work if he still had a job.

"The risk of going back to being homeless is there," he said.

Pam Barker, CEO of youth homelessness charity YFoundations, said a lot of people on the disability pension used employment to supplement their incomes.

She said there was an increase of young people sleeping rough, which was likely to continue with other factors such as rental stress and domestic violence.

An open letter penned by Disabled People's Organisations Australia and endorsed by more than 70 organisations said the disability pension was inadequate support during the crisis.

A spokesperson for Families and Social Services Minister Anne Ruston said the pension was a long-term payment that was already paid at the highest rate of support in the system, "significantly higher than the JobSeeker base rate - because recipients are not expected to work to support themselves."

The spokesperson added the disability pension, which can be up to $944 a fortnight for singles, would continue to be paid at a higher rate than JobSeeker, which was $565.70 fortnightly for singles.

Disability pension recipients would also be among those to receive two separate support payments in response to the crisis, the spokesperson said.

But disabled people who access the JobSeeker payment lose their eligibility for support.

Disability pensioner Kristin O'Connell, who is campaigning for the supplement on behalf of the Australian Unemployed Workers' Union, said the pension was well below liveable standards, while costs for household items were also going up due to supply issues.

"We're being discriminated against, it's not treating people equally," she said.

Document SMHHOL0020200428eg4s000dy




Business,Money,Coronavirus,Holidays,Plane
FLYING LOW Airbus warns 135,000 workers to prepare for job cuts as it's 'bleeding cash' due to coronavirus

Rhiannon Curry 
504 words
27 April 2020
09:16 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

AIRBUS has told its employees that it may not survive the coronavirus lockdown unless it cuts more jobs and accesses more financial help.

In a letter to its 135,000 staff, chief executive Guillaume Faury said the company, which makes planes for major airlines, was "bleeding cash at an unprecedented speed".

Read our coronavirus live blog for the latest news & updates

The letter said Airbus was considering options to help save the business, according to Reuters news agency.

Airbus has already accessed a furlough scheme in France which will help pay the wages of around 3,000 workers.

It has also convinced banks to lend it more money, giving it time to "adapt and resize".

But Mr Faury warned that the plane supplier may need to plan for "more far-reaching measures" to stay afloat.

This could include further job cuts or more drastic financial measures.

"The survival of Airbus is in question if we don't act now," he wrote.

Give now to The Sun's NHS appeal

BRITAIN's four million NHS staff are on the frontline in the battle against coronavirus.

But while they are helping save lives, who is there to help them?

The Sun has launched an appeal to raise £1MILLION for NHS workers. The Who Cares Wins Appeal aims to get vital support to staff in their hour of need.

We have teamed up with NHS Charities Together in their urgent Covid-19 Appeal to ensure the money gets to exactly who needs it.

The Sun is donating £50,000 and we would like YOU to help us raise a million pounds, to help THEM. No matter how little you can spare, please donate today here: www.thesun.co.uk/whocareswinsappeal.

Earlier this month, Airbus said it would cut the number of planes it builds by a third as travel restrictions dramatically reduce the demand for new aircraft.

A number of airlines, including EasyJet and British Airways, have grounded all or some of their fleet.

"In just a couple of weeks we have lost roughly one-third of our business. And, frankly, that's not even the worst case scenario we could face," Mr Faury said.

The company has about 13,500 staff in the UK, most of whom help make wings for planes at sites in Broughton, north Wales, and Filton, Bristol.

Airbus is scheduled to release its latest financial results on Wednesday, when commentators suggest it could also unveil job cuts.

The Sun has contacted Airbus for comment.

The coronavirus lockdown has proved difficult for businesses across the UK - last week, fashion store Animal said it would shut all 21 of its UK stores putting 500 jobs at risk.

And other retailers, including Debenhams, have felt the pinch.

But there are options if you've lost your job - we have more than 45,000 key worker jobs on offer.

Document THESCOT020200427eg4r001uu




LPL halts sales of some less liquid investments

Jeff Benjamin; jbenjamin@investmentnews.com 
504 words
13 April 2020
Investment News
INVN
2
Volume 24; Number 15
English
(c) 2020 Crain Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. 

LPL Financial is shutting down sales of some investment products that contain less liquid and hard-to-price assets such as real estate.

After blocking sales of eight nontraded real estate investment trusts last Monday, the nation's largest independent broker-dealer extended that policy to include several publicly traded property interval funds.

Limiting access to less liquid investments was described as a prudent strategy at a time when prices on assets such as real estate are likely to be affected by economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic.

"It makes sense, if you look at portfolios of interval funds, they will be nontraded REITs and institutional property funds that are all subject to the same risks related to these markets," said Jacob Mohs, manager of the Interval Fund Tracker website. "It's hard to rationally value those assets because there's no activity in real estate right now."

LPL declined to provide details on the decision or the specific funds, but the company did confirm the decision in an emailed statement from Rob Pettman, executive vice president of products and platforms.

"Due to the nature in which real estate is often valued, and out of an abundance of caution, LPL decided to temporarily suspend new purchases of certain products. These suspensions are not the result of any action taken by the product sponsor and instead are directly correlated to the market dislocation. LPL hopes to offer these products again soon as we gain a better understanding of the valuations of the underlying assets."

Mohs described LPL's strategy as "throwing up the caution flag and trying to avoid any future lawsuits by investors who might be overpaying" for assets that are going to be difficult to price in the current market environment.

"Many of the property funds are funds of funds, so there are several layers of uncertainty," he said. "If you can't value the commercial property, you can't value the shares of the funds holding that commercial property. LPL's decision is defensible and fair, because there's going to be a wide divergence in how the underlying real estate performs."

Interval funds are required to repurchase shares at fixed intervals to provide liquidity to investors.

They're a kind of closed-end fund and usually hold less liquid assets, which is why portfolio redemptions are typically limited to 5% of total fund assets per quarter, divided among the investors requesting redemptions.

While it makes sense for companies to restrict sales when the value of underlying assets might be difficult to price, interval funds are uniquely suited for a volatile and uncertain economic environment. The structure prevents investors from panic selling, which allows portfolio managers to avoid having to sell at fire-sale prices.

"Right now, LPL is going to be extra cautious because brokers have had issues in the past with nontraded REITs," said Dick Pfister, founder and president of AlphaCore Capital.

Twitter: @benjiwriter

Document INVN000020200416eg4d0000g


State Digests
Complete Forfeiture of Public Employment Pension Not Excessive Fine Where Triggered by Abuse of Authority of Public Position

504 words
13 April 2020
New Jersey Law Journal
NJLJ
40
Volume 226; Issue 15
English
Copyright 2020 LexisNexis, a Division of Reed Elsevier, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

LABOR LAW

STATE V. ANDERSON

NO. A-4289-18T3

MAR. 30, 2020 (DATE DECIDED)

JUDGE NATALI JR.

FOR APPELLANT: Miller, Meyerson & Corbo (Nirmalan Nagulendran and Gerald D. Miller, on the briefs);

FOR RESPONDENT: Gurbir S. Grewal, Attorney General (Steven K. Cuttonaro, Deputy Attorney General, of counsel and on the brief)

Defendant appealed from the order of the trial court, which ordered defendant to forfeit his entire pension from his employment with the city of Jersey City. During his employment with Jersey City, defendant had come to work in the city's tax assessor's office; he had earned a pension that would have provided him with annual payments of more than $60,000. In his last position in the tax assessor's office, defendant had the authority to alter tax descriptions for property in the city without the property owner needing to file a formal application with the city zoning board.

A cooperating witness came forward to law enforcement to report that defendant had accepted a bribe of $300 from him to change the tax description on the witness's property. Defendant was charged with and ultimately pled guilty to one federal count of bribery. Following defendant's conviction, the city reduced his annual pension to approximately $48,000. However, the state filed the present complaint seeking forfeiture of defendant's entire pension and retirement benefits.

The state moved for summary judgment in the action. The trial court granted the motion, first noting that New Jersey law required the forfeiture of defendant's current position and banning defendant from all future public employment because he had been convicted of a federal crime involving dishonesty in defendant's public position. The trial court further ruled that defendant's conviction also required forfeiture of defendant's entire pension and retirement benefits because the federal offense of conviction was substantially similar to one of the enumerated state criminal offenses that required complete forfeiture of public pension benefits under New Jersey law. Although defendant argued that complete forfeiture of his pension benefits violated the Excessive Fines Clause of the Eighth Amendment, the trial court rejected that argument, ruling that pension benefits were a contractual arrangement, rather than a property right, such that forfeiting pension benefits did not constitute a penalty or fine.

On appeal, the court affirmed the judgment of the trial court. The court agreed with defendant that forfeiture of his pension benefits did constitute a fine that would trigger the effect of the Excessive Fines Clause because the contractual right to pension benefits did constitute a property interest. However, the court affirmed the complete forfeiture of defendant's pension, ruling that forfeiture of the entire pension was not a disproportionate or unconstitutional fine. The court noted that complete forfeiture was mandated by state law and held that it was proportionate in light of the fact that defendant had abused his authority and breached the public trust.

Document NJLJ000020200413eg4d00015




UK News
Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis issues advice for the self-employed as UK put on lockdown

By, Michael Muncaster & Rachel Pugh 
504 words
26 March 2020
01:27 AM
chroniclelive.co.uk
EVECHONL
English
© 2020 Trinity Mirror 

Martin Lewis has issued advice to the self-employed affected by the coronavirus outbreak

It is a worrying time for self-employed individuals.

Beauticians, hairdressers, child-minders and dog walkers are just some of the people who have been left worrying about their finances following the coronavirus outbreak.

Now, Martin Lewis  has issued advice to the self-employed affected by the changes, the Manchester Evening News reports. 

In a video posted on social media, Martin  urged people not to panic and gave advice to those in need of financial support.

He said: "I'm very aware of how difficult the scenario is right now if you're self-employed.

"You may have no income coming in and feel there is very limited support coming in from the state so I have two big messages for you.

"I have it confirmed from the Government they are working on a support package for the self-employed.

"They hope to make an announcement this week."

Martin said he doesn't yet know what the support package will be, but thinks: "One would assume they would be looking to put the self-employed in some sort of parity with employees receiving 80% of their salary."

Martin added that self-employed individuals who have money put aside for tax payments are allowed to defer their self-assessment payment by six months, which would free up some much-needed cash.

For those employed but on zero-hour contracts, the Money Saving Expert advised: "It depends on the nature of your zero-hours contract, but if you are paid by PAYE it may well be possible to be furloughed."

Furloughing, Martin says, is the new system.

He explained: "I want you to think of it, the best analogy is a bit like putting your TV on standby.

"You switch it off, it's not fully off, it waits there until you need it again and that's what the Government is trying to do to the many employees who won't, or can't be able to work, so you could be put on standby.

The reasons you are allowed to go outside during lockdown

"Now in order to do this, what it said is, companies will be able to claim up to 80% of your salary up to a maximum of £2,500 a month -if an employee is on furlough.

"Now they've said, and we would all hope that the company will give them 100% of their salary, but, it doesn't have to do that.

"However, that's not necessarily a bad thing because in some cases they would be getting rid of you or giving you unpaid leave anyway.

"So, if your situation is the only way they'll keep you on is to go on 80% of your salary -volunteer it. Hopefully, companies that are a bit more financially solid will give you more."

Document EVECHONL20200325eg3p000gq




Money,News Money,Coronavirus,Home Bargains
HELPING HAND Home Bargains creates £30m coronavirus fund to help pay staff and gives vulnerable customers early access to stores

Alice Grahns 
504 words
20 March 2020
01:23 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2020 

https://www.thesun.co.uk/topic/coronavirus/

HOME Bargains has created a £30million fund to help pay staff who need to self isolate due to the coronavirus.

This will include staff that need to self isolate for up to two weeks as well as those in high risk groups that need to isolate for longer periods.

Read our coronavirus live blog for the latest news & updates

If staff don't need to self isolate between now and December and can work, they will still be paid two weeks' extra salary so they don't miss out financially, it said.

If you're a Home Bargains worker, you should visit The Staff Portal for more information.

The bargain shop is now also urging non-vulnerable customers not to shop during the first hour of opening each day to give more space for those who are at risk.

A spokesperson said it won't turn customers away if they come early as not all medical issues are visible, but it's asking shoppers to be respectful of the rules.

https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/GL-UK-CORONAVIRUS-MAP-19-MARCH-1211.jpg

CORONAVIRUS CRISIS-BE IN THE KNOW

Get the latest coronavirus news, facts and figures from around the world-plus essential advice for you and your family.

To receive our Covid-19 newsletter in your inbox every tea time, sign up here.

To follow us on Facebook, simply 'Like' our Coronavirus page.

It follows similar moves by supermarkets including Iceland and Lidl, which open their doors earlier to help elderly customers during the coronavirus outbreak.

Home Bargains typically opens its shop doors at 8am every day, but it can vary depending on location so it's best to double-check this in advance.

The retailer is also limiting bulk buying to toilet rolls and hand sanitiser to two items per customer.

Although, some stores may also limit other items depending on availability, it told The Sun.

Home Bargains wrote on Twitter: "Our dedicated staff are working around the clock to keep all of our stores open, so we can continue to serve our communities.

"We have a robust supply chain in place and will continue to support the country whatever it takes.

"Thank you everyone for all your support and patience. We will get through this together."

Home Bargains has more than 500 stores across the UK. You can find your nearest one using its store locator tool.

The announcement comes after Home Bargains shoppers fought over loo roll and panic bought booze a couple of days ago.

The stock-piling has led supermarkets to introduce widespread rationing for the first time since World War Two.

Toilet roll supplies have been ransacked as worried shoppers stock-up to self-isolate, but here's where you might be able to get your hands on it.

Document THESUK0020200319eg3j005sg




Money Saving
Martin Lewis warns you have days to eliminate your bank overdraft

By, James Andrews & Rachel Pugh 
504 words
13 March 2020
02:37 AM
manchestereveningnews.co.uk
MNONL
English
© 2020 Trinity Mirror 

He's called the consequences of having an overdraft 'transparently hideous'

Money-saving expert Martin Lewis has issued an urgent warning to anybody in their overdraft, as changes to interest rates are set to sky rocket at the end of the week.

Martin has pointed out that overdraft rates could soon be more expensive than credit cards, so it's important to act as quickly as possible to minimise the impact of the changes.

"Cut your overdraft NOW -it's costlier than credit cards," Martin advised in his weekly MoneySavingExpert newsletter. 

"Overdrafts are the new danger debt -double the interest of high street credit cards."

He continued: "The new rates are transparently hideous."

Martin went on to explain how there's virtually no competition between banks to achieve the best rate, as almost every bank will now charge around 40 per cent.

Martin explained: "Nationwide's rate changed in Nov -this week HSBC, First Direct & M&S do it, and the rest will roll out imminently."

According to the MoneySavingExpert newsletter: "The worst hit are those with large, authorised overdrafts of c.£600+, who could see costs double. Those who just occasionally dip into overdrafts, or only have small ones, will find this new system cheaper if they are used to having daily fees.

"Those with unauthorised overdrafts ie, bust your limit will pay less, as banks can no longer charge more than they do for authorised overdrafts."

If you're overdrawn you should look to minimise the rate to 0 per cent.

This won't be possible for everyone, but will work for people with a decent credit rating.

For people with smaller overdrafts, Martin highlighted First Direct  -which offers people a £250 interest-free overdraft buffer and £100 in cash for moving to them.

The Martin Lewis' Coronavirus advice that could save you thousands

People with larger overdrafts could try Nationwide's FlexDirect  , which offers people moving to it a 0% overdraft for a year -the limit depends on your credit score, but it can be large . After a year the rate shoots up to 39.9% though, so it's a reprieve to let you pay down your debts rather than a permanent solution.

The cheapest overdraft rates outside that are from Starling  15% to 35% depending on credit score and Monzo  between 19% and 39% depending on credit score.

Other options include 0% money transfer cards -that will charge you a small fee normally less than 5% to borrow money for a fixed time.

This cash can then be used to clear your overdraft -although you'll need to clear the balance on the cards before the 0% period ends or be hit with interest charges and, once again, if you'll be accepted and how much you'll get depends on your credit score.

You can find all of Martin's top tips to minimise your overdraft in the weekly MoneySavingExpert newsletter. 

Document MNONL00020200312eg3c002mi




Financial regulators to assist institutions affected by coronavirus

Arra Francia 
504 words
9 March 2020
SNL Financial Extra
SNLFE
English
Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved. 

Federal financial institution regulators and state regulators said March 9 they will provide appropriate regulatory assistance to financial institutions affected by the coronavirus and encouraged them to address the financial needs of customers and members who are also affected.

In a joint statement by the Federal Reserve Board, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., National Credit Union Administration, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and Conference of State Bank Supervisors, financial institutions were told to work constructively with borrowers and other customers in affected communities through efforts that are consistent with safe and sound lending practices.

The statement follows a letter from Senate Democrats sent to the aforementioned regulators, plus the Federal Housing Finance Agency, urging them to issue guidance on forbearance due to impacts of the coronavirus, since affected consumers and businesses may have difficulty accessing affordable credit and face temporary hardship in paying credit obligations.

Such guidance should include efforts to modify terms on existing loans or extend new consumer-friendly access to credit, as well as steps to prevent the disclosure of adverse information on consumers affected by the virus to credit bureaus, which may be used in a manner that would harm them, the letter said.

The senators also sent a letter to the Consumer Bankers Association, Bank Policy Institute, American Bankers Association, Independent Community Bankers of America, Financial Services Forum, Credit Union National Association and National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions. Here, the senators asked for information on how member companies of the respective groups plan to make sure that employees affected by the coronavirus will not lose their jobs, be forced to deplete their sick and annual leave, have access to flexible scheduling options and have access to financial assistance in case of a sustained or widespread disruption due to the virus.

They also recommended that member companies consider waiving overdraft and monthly service fees for affected customers, suspending or modifying student loan, mortgage and business loan payments as necessary.

A separate letter signed by Sens. Mark Warner and Sherrod Brown was also sent to the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, urging them to issue guidance to mortgage servicers to help borrowers navigate the financial effects of the coronavirus. This includes authorizing servicers to suspend or reduce a homeowner's mortgage payments immediately if they believe the homeowner's financial situation is affected by the virus, waiving late fees and suspending credit bureau reporting, foreclosures and other legal proceedings as necessary.

Additionally, Warner wrote to Equifax Inc., Experian North America and TransUnion asking them to work with lenders, data furnishers and consumers to ensure that adverse information arising due to the financial shock of the coronavirus will not be used in a way that would hurt consumers' creditworthiness. He also urged them to work with any company that furnishes consumer credit account data to provide updates on how they can work with consumers on coronavirus-related financial problems.

Document SNLFE00020200311eg390002v




Smart Investor
PROPERTY IS JITTERY

Duncan Hughes 
504 words
7 March 2020
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
29
English
Copyright 2020. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited. 

? Top-end real estate deals are being pulled amid growing nervousness about the impact of the coronavirus on real estate markets, say buyers' agents in Melbourne and Sydney.

But whether the market jitters turn into the sort of panicked responses that are inciting consumers to strip supermarket shelves will depend on the length and severity of the outbreak and public perceptions about finding a cure, says Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy and chief economist for AMP Capital.

A fall in the number of cashed-up foreign buyers - and their representatives - at auctions is also creating more opportunities for locals, says Patrick Bright, a Sydney-based buyer's agent.

About 1440 auctions are scheduled for this weekend, less than half those last weekend - largely because there are nearly 400 fewer in Melbourne, which has a long weekend.

Sales in recent weeks have been very strong with clearance rates of more than 70 per cent in Melbourne and Sydney, rising prices and the return of first-time buyers and upgraders.

Increasing supply of property, government incentives for new buyers, falling interest rates and special offers from lenders are expected to boost market sentiment and maintain momentum.

But Oliver says many buyers and sellers are pausing to take the market's temperature as they work through a range of permutations caused by the coronavirus crisis.

Oliver says that in the worst case, the virus would cause the economy to slow, increasing unemployment, decreasing consumer demand and causing some house buyers to miss repayments - accelerating a slide into recession.

Alternatively, buyers could be buoyed by signs the virus is reaching its peak, or a vaccine has been found or that the virus begins to lose its grip as summer begins in the northern hemisphere.

Emma Bloom, a director of buyers' agent Morrell and Koren, says: "Fears about the virus are already causing people to pull out of deals. Some are panicked and others do not know what to do. No one feels confident, there is a lot of nervousness"

Bloom - who targets Melbourne's Toorak, South Yarra and affluent south-eastern suburbs - says some vendors are giving instructions to take offers close to the asking price, rather than hold out for more, while buyers are not turning up for sales where they were expected to bid.

Rich Harvey, a Sydney-based buyers' agent, adds: "There is a lot of fear and uncertainty ... some buyers and sellers are pulling out of deals."

Other agents say the worst cases would include buyers staying away from auctions because of fears about contracting the virus in a crowd and sellers replacing open house inspections with a limited number of individual buyer appointments.

Bright says the number of foreign buyers and their agents has declined since the recent Hong Kong troubles, which peaked in January.

"Other agents are also saying they are not getting the same amount of interest," says Bright, who believes less competition could make it easier for locals to win deals.W

Document AFNR000020200309eg370001f




Money
STOCK MARKET WATCHLIST: Will coronavirus take its toll on Ministers' NatWest sale?

Jamie Nimmo For The Financial Mail On Sunday 
504 words
8 March 2020
09:46 AM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2020 

The Government could clearly do with some spare cash to help deal with the coronavirus crisis.

Luckily, there's a Budget this week and Alison Rose, the new chief executive of the renamed NatWest Group, formerly Royal Bank of Scotland, will be watching more avidly than most.

That's because speculation has been mounting that the Government might finally start selling off the rest of its 62.4 per cent stake in the bank, which it bailed out in the wake of the financial crisis.

The bank has steadied the ship and has started paying dividends once again. And the organisation has been rebranded by Rose.

Last month, chairman Sir Howard Davies said he expected the Government to press ahead with selling more of its shares with 'enthusiasm and energy'.

But even if the Government agreed with him at the time, things are a little trickier now. Coronavirus has knocked the shares down by more than 30 per cent.

Many will be watching very closely on Wednesday to see whether Ministers still push the button on a sell-off despite the slump.

On Friday, Cineworld rushed to reassure investors about the impact coronavirus was having on visits to its cinemas.

The company said it had not seen any major drop-off in box office figures, which followed a downgrade from analysts who believe the delayed release of the new James Bond movie No Time To Die will be the first of many.

Cineworld also released its expected figures for 2019, ahead of the formal unveiling on Thursday.

But with companies in other sectors having lowered their financial forecasts due to the virus, investors will be more interested in scrutinising the guidance for 2020.

Away from the corona panic which is hammering markets, Tullow Oil is poised to unveil the results of its strategic review when it releases its annual results on Thursday.

The review was triggered after a series of setbacks for the oil firm which caused its shares to tank.

Rumours of a cut-price takeover by Total were quashed last month by the French company's chief executive.

But word reaches me that a private equity firm is circling Tullow, which is valued at £330million.

Its identity is unclear at the moment, but perhaps it will be revealed on Thursday.

Talking of the Budget, housebuilders will be keeping an eye on any new measures after enjoying a leg-up in recent years from Help To Buy.

The scheme is due to end in March 2023, though builders will still have plenty of cash washing around.

A stamp duty cut had been touted as a possible tool to help new Chancellor Rishi Sunak to keep the housing market bubbling along.

But analysts now think the coronavirus outbreak might kill off those chances.

Scribblers at Credit Suisse said: 'We assume the Government may now have less appetite for wholesale cuts to stamp duty.'

Document DAMONL0020200308eg3700004




City fringe land sales bounce back

Simon Johanson 
504 words
26 February 2020
12:00 AM
The Sydney Morning Herald - Online
SMHHOL
English
Copyright © 2020 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited. www.smh.com.au. Not available for redistribution 

Low interest rates and developer incentives are driving a turnaround in land sales in Melbourne's fringe housing estates, but - fortunately for first-time buyers - prices aren't keeping pace.

Midway through last year, land sales across Melbourne and Geelong's new greenfield estates were at a three-year low.

Now they have bounced back with two consecutive quarters of growth, RPM Real Estate Group's latest Residential Market Review shows.

Lot sales jumped 17 per cent in the December quarter. That figure was a rise on the previous September quarter, which itself was sharply up, 48 per cent, on the three months prior.

But the legacy of the downturn, a stockpile of developer lots and transactions abandoned by struggling buyers coming back onto the market, is keeping a lid on prices.

While Melbourne's median price for established houses is peaking again - it hit $859,000 at the end of last year - land prices have headed in the other direction.

The median lot price fell by 2.1 per cent by the end of the year to $308,900, about 5 per cent less than what families and investors were paying 12 months before.

"The key drivers underpinning a strengthening land market included improved buyer sentiment and activity from interest rate reductions and more borrowing power, ongoing price correction and continued incentives and rebates," RPM's chief executive Kevin Brown said.

Sales of new land lots in the growth corridors have traditionally lagged behind established housing as house-and-land developers cater largely to struggling first-time buyers who are sensitive to both prices and job security.

The agency's head of communities Luke Kelly said developers were still offering buyers incentives and rebates to shift a backlog of stock, a tactic likely to keep prices suppressed for the next six months.

"There are still some secondary lots being sold on the market. Between now and September we'll see some normality come back in the market," he predicted, with land sales expected to reach more ???normal' levels of about1400 lots a month.

The price of land sweetspot for first time buyers is below $300,000. "That's what people can afford based on their current incomes," he said.

Lot sales were strongest in the northern and south-east growth corridor where they rose between 16 and 17 per cent. Out in the west, a high volume of unsold land is impacting prices and sales volumes, RPM reports.

The pick up over the quarter was not reflected in the half-year results of the country's largest land developer Stockland.

It said last week the slow housing market will hold its full-year earnings at 5 per cent, at the lower end of its guidance estimate.

Stockland's chief executive Mark Steinert said he expected settlements to pick up in the second half after they had dropped substantially, by one-third to 2096, in the six months to December, down from 3159 a year earlier.

Document SMHHOL0020200225eg2p001jm




AgeUp expands availability to reach 44 states across the country

504 words
26 February 2020
01:00 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2020    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

First-of-its-kind annuity provides adult children of Boomers with guaranteed income for their parents beginning at age 91

BOSTON, Feb. 25, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- AgeUp, an innovative annuity product issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual), today announced that it is available for purchase in 44 states, including Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. Developed by Haven Life Insurance Agency, AgeUp is designed to provide the adult children of the Boomer generation with financial protection for their parents once they reach an advanced age.

Millennials and Gen Xers across the majority of the country can now purchase AgeUp, a unique financial product that provides guaranteed payouts once a parent reaches the selected age and lasts for the rest of their lifetime. Built to be financially accessible to all, AgeUp does not require upfront payments or large monthly contributions. Instead, premiums are flexible, as purchasers can choose to pause, increase or decrease their payments at any time. AgeUp is exclusively available online, and buyers can sign up directly via the website.

As the Baby Boomer generation grows older, the gap between their retirement savings and longevity will increase exponentially -- and the financial burden is poised to fall squarely on the shoulders of their adult children. Recent data from AgeUp found that 68% of millennials and Gen Xers expect that they'll financially support their parents should they outlive their retirement savings. However, the number of adult children who are acting on that belief is considerably smaller, with only 37% saying they have already accounted for their parents and in-laws in their own long-term financial planning. This is likely because discussing personal finances is widely considered taboo; 56% of millennials and Gen Xers surveyed said they "never" speak with their parents about their financial plans for retirement, or they speak about it "rarely" (once per year). The full findings on how millennials and Gen Xers are approaching their parents' longevity, retirement savings, and financial planning can be found here.

The AgeUp product is issued by MassMutual and was developed by MassMutual's in-house startup, Haven Life Insurance Agency, out of their newly formed Boston Studio. In 2020, AgeUp will expand its offering to allow Baby Boomers to purchase the product for themselves.

About AgeUp

AgeUp is a new annuity product designed to help protect families from the financial risk of loved ones living into their 90s and beyond. AgeUp is sold by Haven Life Insurance Agency (Haven Life), which is backed and wholly owned by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). AgeUp deferred income annuities are issued by MassMutual, a leading mutual life insurance company that is run for the benefit of its members and participating policy owners.

View original content to download multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ageup-expands-availability-to-reach-44-states-across-the-country-301009321.html

SOURCE AgeUp

/CONTACT: Jen Zimmerman, 732-763-0760, jen@zenithcomms.com

/Web site: www.age-up.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020200225eg2p001iz




money
Now Granny is hit by the child benefit claims confusion

Katherine Denham 
504 words
22 February 2020
06:16 AM
thetimes.co.uk
TIMEUK
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2020 

Janet Tutton is one of thousands of women born in the 1950s who missed out financially because of the way the pension system was reformed.

Not only was she affected because of how the state pension age was equalised for men and women, she was also caught out by the sudden increase in the number of years of national insurance contributions needed to get a full state pension.

Janet also learnt that she had gaps in her national insurance record because she had opted out of the state second pension, meaning that she didn't have the 35 years of credits needed to get a full state pension.

Janet, 66, looked for ways of recouping her credits and discovered that she could earn them through looking after her grandchildren Isaac, six, and Georgie, four, which she had already been doing for years.

You can apply for "specified adult childcare credits" if you are a family member caring for a child under the age of 12. It means that parents can donate the national insurance credits they would get from registering child benefit to a family member.

However, when she started filling in the application form to claim additional national insurance credits, she realised that another complicated system stood in her way: child benefit. She was not able to get the credits because the children's parents had not registered to receive the benefit. Her daughter Nicola, 40, did not qualify for it because she is classed as a high earner. Like many parents, Nicola did not fill in the child benefit form because, under rules introduced in 2013, she was not eligible for any money.

"She's a very busy person in a high-pressure job, it's just a lot of effort to get nothing back," Janet says.

Parents can claim £1,788 in child benefits each year for two children, but they have to start paying some of this back through tax if one of them earns more than £50,000 a year. If one of them earns £60,000 a year they get nothing. Two parents each earning £49,999, with a household income of almost £100,000, can get full benefits.

Janet's case is another example of how families are being affected by the confusion around the child-benefit system. This is why

The Times

and

The Sunday Times

are calling for reform in the forthcoming budget.

"Once upon a time, when everyone received child benefit regardless of income, this link between child-benefit and national-insurance entitlements made sense, but the current system is no longer fit for purpose, " Becky O'Connor of the adviser and asset manager Royal London says.

HMRC says: "We use a wide array of channels to reach those customers who may be liable to pay the high-income child-benefit charge. This includes putting information in packs made available to new parents which tell them how to claim child benefit."

Document TIMEUK0020200222eg2l0000r




Vanguard launches long-awaited Sipp charging 0.15%

Daniel Grote 
504 words
19 February 2020
Citywire
CWIRE
English
(c) 2020 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved. 

Passive investing giant Vanguard has launched its long-awaited Sipp featuring an annual charge of 0.15%, more than two years after the fund group's entrance into the UK platform market.

Vanguard this morning announced the launch of its Sipp, which features a low 0.15% account fee, capped at £375. The cap will apply across all the accounts an individual customer holds, including Sipp, ISA and general accounts.

A £500 minimum initial investment applies and monthly contributions can start from £100.

Investment choices are limited to Vanguard's 77 funds and exchange-traded funds (ETFs). Customers will be charged £7.50 if they buy or sell ETFs during the day, though these transactions are free if they wait for Vanguard's bulk transaction service at the end of the day.

Pointing to research from the Platforum consultancy, Vanguard claimed it was offering 'the lowest-cost Sipp on the market for the average (median) British pension holder who has not yet drawn down on their pension'.

Management charges levied by funds chosen apply on top of platform charges. Most of Vanguard's funds and ETFs are passive, tracking an index and featuring lower charges than 'active' funds, which aim to beat the performance of stock markets.

A drawdown facility has not yet been offered. Vanguard said this would be added 'in due course'.

Launch of the Sipp removes a barrier to Vanguard's growth in the UK platform market. For investors who prefer passive funds, its service is keenly priced.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet">

What's not to like about paying between nil to 0.15% pa to hold @Vanguard_UK funds in your pension compared to 0.45% pa with @HLInvest

- Jason Butler (@jbthewealthman) February 19, 2020</blockquote>

Platform rivals pointed to their wider investment choice in response to Vanguard's launch.

Rebecca O'Keeffe, head of investment at Interactive Investor, said its average Sipp customer held 17% of their pension in shares, 37% in funds, 24% in investment trusts and 8% in ETFs.

She added that platforms with broader access to different investments, including active funds, were more suited to investors focused on environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues.

'Yes, there is an opportunity to invest in ethical funds that avoid certain sectors, but many investors may want the opportunity to invest in ethical funds that embrace socially responsible or ethical options,' she said.

'For these investors, choice will be key and they are likely to want access to the whole of market.'

Launch of the Sipp is likely to spur investment in Vanguard's Target Retirement funds, launched in 2015 but housing just £205m of assets and dwarfed by the fund group's LifeStrategy fund range.

These funds invest in both shares and bonds, and increase the proportion held in less volatile fixed income as the targeted retirement date nears.

Ten funds are offered, with targeted retirement dates of between 2020 and 2065, rising in five-year increments.

Document CWIRE00020200220eg2j0008m




PrimeLending Unveils Loanplicity(SM) , the National Residential Lender's Digital Mortgage Process

504 words
19 February 2020
06:44 AM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2020    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 


DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--February 18, 2020-- 

National residential mortgage lender PrimeLending, a PlainsCapital Company, is proud to announce Loanplicity(SM) , a simple, streamlined and stress-free digital mortgage process. Loanplicity is where home loans and simplicity unite(SM) , allowing borrowers to apply online, prequalify for a mortgage, safely upload personal financial documents, track loan progress, pay fees and ask questions at any point in the process. Loanplicity offers the best of both worlds to homebuyers -- step-by-step guidance from an expert loan officer and digital convenience that eliminates most of the paperwork from the mortgage process. Click here to learn more.

This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20200218005995/en/

"We're relentless in our pursuit of a streamlined, hassle-free mortgage process for borrowers," said Steve Thompson, President and CEO of PrimeLending. "Loanplicity represents the perfect combination of powerful technology, mortgage expertise and exceptional service that delivers the lasting positive experience homeowners deserve."

PrimeLending's award-winning digital mortgage process earned the elite MortgageSAT(R) Best-in-Class Lender Award in the category of Online Tools in 2019. The award recognizes PrimeLending for achieving top ratings in the area of ease of use, visual appeal and effective communication, and is presented only to mortgage companies in the country who provide exemplary service to their borrowers throughout the year, resulting in a satisfaction score in the top ten percent of a given category. This is the second year in a row the company received a MortgageSAT Best-in-Class Lender Award.

About PrimeLending

PrimeLending, a PlainsCapital Company, is a national home lender combining personal guidance and local expertise with fast service, more choices and the flexibility to meet homeowners' unique needs. We're relentlessly focused on empowering our customers to boldly pursue their homeownership goals, whether they're looking to buy, refinance or renovate a home. The PrimeLending team works alongside our customers in all 50 states, helping them make smart home financing decisions and have a rewarding experience along the way. Delivering on this promise for more than 30 years, we're proud to consistently earn a 96% customer satisfaction rating(1) . PrimeLending is a wholly owned subsidiary of PlainsCapital Bank, which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilltop Holdings Inc. (NYSE: HTH). More information at PrimeLending.com. Equal Housing Lender.

(1) Survey administered and managed by an independent third party following loan closing. 96% satisfaction rating refers to the rating our customers have given our loan officers. Our loan officers have received a 96% Customer Satisfaction Rating.

All loans subject to credit approval. Rates and fees subject to change. Mortgage financing provided by PrimeLending, a PlainsCapital Company. Equal Housing Lender.

(c) 2020 PrimeLending, a PlainsCapital Company. (NMLS: 13649).

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20200218005995/en/


 
    CONTACT: Mandy Jordan 

972-852-8235 | mjordan@primelending.com 


 
    SOURCE: PrimeLending 
Copyright Business Wire 2020 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020200218eg2i000oq




News
Ireland's pension pot 'lags behind overall economy'

Fearghal O'Connor 
504 words
16 February 2020
The Sunday Independent
FSII
1; National
3
English
© 2020 Independent Newspapers Ireland Ltd 

PENSIONS

The ratio of pension assets to GDP is well below what it is in other countries, writes Fearghal O'Connor

A KEY metric of pension assets in Ireland has failed to keep pace with growth in overall retirement funding levels in other countries, according to a new international report.

The ratio of pension savings to the size of the Irish economy lags well behind other developed economies, found the Thinking Ahead Institute's Global Pension Assets Study.

Pension assets as a proportion of GDP in Ireland are estimated at 48pc, much lower than the 126pc ratio in the UK, which has a similar pensions landscape. That is just 4pc higher than where it was 10 years ago, according to the research arm of advisory firm Willis Towers Watson. Pensions have been pushed back on to the political agenda here by pre-election promises to reverse the raising of the pension age.

In 2019, Irish pension assets grew by 14.8pc to reach an estimated $184bn (?164bn), up from $103bn since 2009. But it showed that, despite this faster than average growth among the 22 countries surveyed, Irish pension assets are not keeping pace with the growth in the economy.

The ratio of pension assets to GDP went from 87pc to 126pc in the UK, 110pc to 151pc in Australia, 81pc to 111pc in Canada, 95pc to 136pc in the US and 114pc to 187pc in the Netherlands.

"We hope to see the Irish figure grow strongly in the years ahead," Joseph O'Dea, head of investments at Willis Towers Watson in Ireland, who welcomed the introduction of auto-enrolment from 2022 as "a good step in the right direction".

"Compulsory pension savings were introduced in Australia in 1992, and pension savings there now amount to 151pc of GDP," said O'Dea.

"The recent political debate in Ireland over moving the retirement age back to 65 is an example of the dilemma of, and the conflict between, short-term versus long-term planning for governments and for society as a whole," he said.

The study is somewhat distorted because it uses GDP for consistency across countries even though GNP, which factors out foreign transfers, is more relevant to Ireland. But, he said, when calculated using GNP, the ratio of pension assets to the economy is still only about two-thirds.

"This is still significantly behind the UK," he said. "To an extent, this is explained by Ireland coming later to the table as a developed economy. The UK, with a more mature industrial history, has simply had more employment-related pension savings for much longer.

"The state pension is significantly higher in Ireland than the UK so, in practice, some of the difference is made up for by the state paying higher pensions funded from taxation. Whether this will always be the case is unknown and there is no getting away from the fact that, as a nation, Ireland has saved less."

Document FSII000020200216eg2g00009




Money
Marks & Spencer to close two UK distribution centres at a loss of hundreds of jobs

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
14 February 2020
12:16 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2020 Mirror Group Ltd 

It is understood that hundreds of staff members are affected -all of which have now entered a 30-day consultation period on how the closures will impact them long term

Marks & Spencer has confirmed plans to close two major distribution centres next year in a blow for hundreds of workers.

The retail giant said it will close its Thorncliffe distribution centre in Sheffield, in the summer of 2021.

It is understood that around 250 staff members are affected -all of whom have now entered a consultation period.

A further 330 workers are affected in Nottinghamshire, with the chain also confirming plans to axe its Long Eaton Distribution Centre -which is run by DHL -next year.

An M&S spokesman said: "We're in the early stages of changing our supply chain to address flow of product and availability for our customers.

"As part of this we'll no longer be serving our stores from our Thorncliffe and Long Eaton distribution centres.

"Moving the operations is not a decision we've taken lightly but it's an important change to help us best serve our customers as we move to a nationally connected network. Our logistics partners will be working closely with the colleagues at the sites on what is best for them."

The Thorncliffe warehouse is run by goods management company XPO Logistics which distributes stock for Marks & Spencer.

An XPO spokesperson said: "Following a review of their operations, our customer has decided to withdraw its operations from the M&S Thorncliffe warehouse.

"We have entered into a consultation period with colleagues, the trade union and elected employee representatives to finalise the plans.

"We will work to support employees through this time."

Speaking on the Nottinghamshire closures, a DHL spokesman said: "As M&S transitions to a nationally connected supply chain network it is proposing to close its Long Eaton regional distribution centre in spring 2021, with the DHL-operated transport office relocating to M&S distribution centre at Castle Donington.

"Our affected warehouse staff have been informed and will shortly enter into consultation with the company and union representatives to discuss its implications and their options, including the possibility of redeploying to other DHL operations locally.

"M&S stresses the decision is part of wider plans to modernise its supply chain and in no way reflects on the high levels of service delivered by the team at Long Eaton over the years.

"We will continue to work in partnership with M&S at several of its nationally connected sites."

Usdaw, the union representing workers, said: "This proposed closure has come as a shock and is devastating news for staff.

"Usdaw will now enter into meaningful consultations with the company, where we will interrogate the business case and secure the best possible outcome for all affected.

"In the meantime, we are providing our members with the support, advice and representation they need at this very difficult time."

Document MIRUK00020200213eg2d0020e


Why clients aiming for early retirement shouldn't feel guilty about spending

Paola Peralta 
504 words
6 February 2020
Employee Benefit Adviser
EBNADV
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2020 Arizent. All rights reserved. 

Welcome to Retirement Scan, our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be talking about.

Clients aiming for early retirement shouldn't feel guilty about spending

Clients who want to save aggressively for an early retirement should not feel guilty about spending on things that are valuable to them, according to an expert in MarketWatch. "The more we can be open about the things we choose to spend money on, the more inclusive we are as a movement, and the more free each of us feels in our own decisions, and both are very good things," writes a MarketWatch columnist and author who retired at the age of 38.

Americans are saving more for retirement but still risk falling short

Although Americans are saving 10% of their income in their retirement accounts, the percentage is lower than the 15% that experts recommend to secure their retirement, according to this Motley Fool article, citing new data from Fidelity Investments. Saving 10% for retirement may not be enough, as clients will need more retirement income to keep up with inflation and rising health care expenses. Social Security recipients have also seen their buying power drop 33% since 2000, but the cost-of-living adjustments have been dwindling in recent years.

How your clients can retire by 40 

Clients need to make financial sacrifices today in order to leave the workplace early for good, according to a couple who retired by age 40 in this Yahoo Finance article. They need to decide whether they want to keep their retirement expenses low or pursue a more convenient lifestyle, according to the article. Clients also have to determine the amount of savings they need to retire by 40, set aside at least 50% of their income for retirement and keep their lifestyle in check.

The Social Security double tax bomb

Federal employees are advised to account for the possible tax consequences of their Social Security benefits when planning for retirement, an advisor writes in FedSmith. That's because up to 80% of their retirement benefits will be taxed if their combined income exceeds a certain threshold, the expert writes. "The first and best option is to use strategies now to lower your taxable income, but the next best option is to plan your saving habits now so that you can still have the retirement that you want despite the taxes."

Adjusting to retirement means adopting the right role for clients

Seniors who are in transition to retirement are advised to give up their reliance on their 'worker role' and focus more on alternative roles, such as the role of a retiree, to have a meaningful and fulfilling life in retirement, according to a Forbes contributor. "Over time, as these alternative roles strengthen, retirees are more likely to pick up the patterns and responsibilities associated with these roles, thereby allowing them to feel more connected to the retirement world, and less to the worker world."

Document EBNADV0020200211eg260008d




Why clients aiming for early retirement shouldn't feel guilty about spending

Paola Peralta 
504 words
6 February 2020
Employee Benefit News Online
EBNO
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2020 Arizent. All rights reserved. 

Welcome to Retirement Scan, our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be talking about.

Clients aiming for early retirement shouldn't feel guilty about spending

Clients who want to save aggressively for an early retirement should not feel guilty about spending on things that are valuable to them, according to an expert in MarketWatch. "The more we can be open about the things we choose to spend money on, the more inclusive we are as a movement, and the more free each of us feels in our own decisions, and both are very good things," writes a MarketWatch columnist and author who retired at the age of 38.

Americans are saving more for retirement but still risk falling short

Although Americans are saving 10% of their income in their retirement accounts, the percentage is lower than the 15% that experts recommend to secure their retirement, according to this Motley Fool article, citing new data from Fidelity Investments. Saving 10% for retirement may not be enough, as clients will need more retirement income to keep up with inflation and rising health care expenses. Social Security recipients have also seen their buying power drop 33% since 2000, but the cost-of-living adjustments have been dwindling in recent years.

How your clients can retire by 40 

Clients need to make financial sacrifices today in order to leave the workplace early for good, according to a couple who retired by age 40 in this Yahoo Finance article. They need to decide whether they want to keep their retirement expenses low or pursue a more convenient lifestyle, according to the article. Clients also have to determine the amount of savings they need to retire by 40, set aside at least 50% of their income for retirement and keep their lifestyle in check.

The Social Security double tax bomb

Federal employees are advised to account for the possible tax consequences of their Social Security benefits when planning for retirement, an advisor writes in FedSmith. That's because up to 80% of their retirement benefits will be taxed if their combined income exceeds a certain threshold, the expert writes. "The first and best option is to use strategies now to lower your taxable income, but the next best option is to plan your saving habits now so that you can still have the retirement that you want despite the taxes."

Adjusting to retirement means adopting the right role for clients

Seniors who are in transition to retirement are advised to give up their reliance on their 'worker role' and focus more on alternative roles, such as the role of a retiree, to have a meaningful and fulfilling life in retirement, according to a Forbes contributor. "Over time, as these alternative roles strengthen, retirees are more likely to pick up the patterns and responsibilities associated with these roles, thereby allowing them to feel more connected to the retirement world, and less to the worker world."

Document EBNO000020200211eg260008d




Why clients aiming for early retirement shouldn't feel guilty about spending

Paola Peralta 
504 words
6 February 2020
Financial Planning Online
FPLFO
Vol.1, No.1
English
© 2020 Arizent. All rights reserved. 

Welcome to Retirement Scan, our daily roundup of retirement news your clients may be talking about.

Clients aiming for early retirement shouldn't feel guilty about spending

Clients who want to save aggressively for an early retirement should not feel guilty about spending on things that are valuable to them, according to an expert in MarketWatch. "The more we can be open about the things we choose to spend money on, the more inclusive we are as a movement, and the more free each of us feels in our own decisions, and both are very good things," writes a MarketWatch columnist and author who retired at the age of 38.

Americans are saving more for retirement but still risk falling short

Although Americans are saving 10% of their income in their retirement accounts, the percentage is lower than the 15% that experts recommend to secure their retirement, according to this Motley Fool article, citing new data from Fidelity Investments. Saving 10% for retirement may not be enough, as clients will need more retirement income to keep up with inflation and rising health care expenses. Social Security recipients have also seen their buying power drop 33% since 2000, but the cost-of-living adjustments have been dwindling in recent years.

How your clients can retire by 40 

Clients need to make financial sacrifices today in order to leave the workplace early for good, according to a couple who retired by age 40 in this Yahoo Finance article. They need to decide whether they want to keep their retirement expenses low or pursue a more convenient lifestyle, according to the article. Clients also have to determine the amount of savings they need to retire by 40, set aside at least 50% of their income for retirement and keep their lifestyle in check.

The Social Security double tax bomb

Federal employees are advised to account for the possible tax consequences of their Social Security benefits when planning for retirement, an advisor writes in FedSmith. That's because up to 80% of their retirement benefits will be taxed if their combined income exceeds a certain threshold, the expert writes. "The first and best option is to use strategies now to lower your taxable income, but the next best option is to plan your saving habits now so that you can still have the retirement that you want despite the taxes."

Adjusting to retirement means adopting the right role for clients

Seniors who are in transition to retirement are advised to give up their reliance on their 'worker role' and focus more on alternative roles, such as the role of a retiree, to have a meaningful and fulfilling life in retirement, according to a Forbes contributor. "Over time, as these alternative roles strengthen, retirees are more likely to pick up the patterns and responsibilities associated with these roles, thereby allowing them to feel more connected to the retirement world, and less to the worker world."

Document FPLFO00020200206eg26000b5




Money
High sharemarket vulnerable to shaky confidence

John Collett 
504 words
29 January 2020
The Age
AGEE
First
2
English
© 2020 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.theage.com.au

Australian share prices have soared to record highs over the past year, with the most-quoted market index, the S&P/ASX 200, now at more than 7000 points.

Yet market watchers remain uneasy. They say any bad news could see the market's momentum reverse and share prices fall significantly.

That's against a backdrop of low consumer confidence.

The Westpac-Melbourne Institute's measure of confidence released last week showed bushfires and poor air quality have dampened consumers' expectations about the economy's future performance.

Peter Warnes, head of equities research at Morningstar, says the fires are likely to take up to half a point off Gross Domestic Product growth, mostly in the March quarter.

The Reserve Bank of Australia will meet for the first time this year on Tuesday and could cut the official cash interest rate to another record low. However, against the low levels of consumer confidence, Australian Bureau of Statistics figures released last week show the unemployment rate at near-eight-year lows.

"The Reserve Bank indicated that interest rates would fall further if the jobless rate rose," said Craig James, chief economist at CommSec. "Well, the jobless rate is falling, rather than rising, suggesting that official rates may be left unchanged," he said.

Financial markets have the chance of a rate cut in February at 25 per cent. Any further cut to the cash rate would make the fully franked shares of the big dividend-paying companies even more attractive to investors, possibly driving the market higher, Mr Warnes said. But while it is possible that our market could go higher this year, it is already looking expensive.

Mr Warnes said the one-year forward price-to-earnings ratio (P/E) for the Australian sharemarket is 18 times, compared to the long-term average P/E of 14 times.

"Investors have to be cautious and should consider taking some money out of the market," Mr Warnes said. "You should bank some profits and squirrel some money away because when the correction comes you want the opportunity to go back into the market," he said.

Developed-world sharemarkets are hitting record highs as central banks flood their economies with liquidity. Elio D'Amato, executive director at Lincoln Indicators, said the liquidity is insulating many investors and economies from the "harsh reality of sluggish economic growth".

The upcoming earnings reporting season, which starts next month, will help determine the direction of the Australian sharemarket, he said.

"In the lead-up to the reporting season we've seen earnings revisions, broadly, coming down - this is unusual and a real risk," he said.

Market researcher UBS said in a report last week that some companies in the retail, insurance, food and beverage, and transport sectors are likely to have the largest negative effects from the recent Australian bushfires.

Resources, building materials and infrastructure sectors are only likely to be mildly affected, analysts at the multinational investment bank and financial services company said.



Document AGEE000020200128eg1t00021




Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation To Report Fourth Quarter And Year End 2019 Financial Results

504 words
28 January 2020
08:05 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2020    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 

Conference Call and Webcast Scheduled for Thursday, March 5, 2020 at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time/8:00 a.m. Pacific Time

PASADENA, Calif., Jan. 27, 2020 /PRNewswire/ -- Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation (the "Company") (NYSE: WMC) today announced that it will release financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2019 after the market closes on Wednesday, March 4, 2020. The Company will host a corresponding conference call with a live webcast on Thursday, March 5, 2020 at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time/8:00 a.m. Pacific Time, to discuss those results and answer questions.

Individuals interested in participating in the conference call may do so by dialing (866) 235-9914 from the United States, or (412) 902-4115 from outside the United States and referencing "Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation." Those interested in listening to the conference call live via the Internet may do so by visiting the Investor Relations section of the Company's website at www.westernassetmcc.com.

The Company is enabling investors to pre-register for the earnings conference call so that they can expedite their entry into the call and avoid the need to wait for a live operator. In order to pre-register for the call, investors can visit http://dpregister.com/10138813 and enter in their contact information. Investors will then be issued a personalized phone number and pin to dial into the live conference call. Individuals can pre-register any time prior to the start of the conference call on March 5, 2020.

A telephone replay will be available through March 19, 2020 by dialing (877) 344-7529 from the United States, or (412) 317-0088 from outside the United States, and entering conference ID 10138813. A webcast replay will be available for 90 days.

ABOUT WESTERN ASSET MORTGAGE CAPITAL CORPORATION

Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation is a real estate investment trust that invests in, acquires and manages a diverse portfolio of assets consisting of Agency CMBS, Agency RMBS, Non-Agency CMBS, Non-Agency RMBS, Residential and Commercial Whole-Loans, Bridge Loans and other financial assets. The Company's investment strategy may change, subject to the Company's stated investment guidelines, and is based on its manager Western Asset Management Company's perspective of which mix of portfolio assets it believes provides the Company with the best risk-reward opportunities at any given time. The Company is externally managed and advised by Western Asset Management Company, an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Legg Mason, Inc. Please visit the Company's website at www.westernassetmcc.com.

View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/western-asset-mortgage-capital-corporation-to-report-fourth-quarter-and-year-end-2019-financial-results-300993758.html

SOURCE Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation

/CONTACT: Investor Relations, Larry Clark, Financial Profiles, Inc., (310) 622-8223, lclark@finprofiles.com

/Web site: http://www.westernassetmcc.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020200127eg1r000n6




1,841 financial advisers in FCA's crosshairs over DB advice

Ollie Smith 
504 words
27 January 2020
Citywire
CWIRE
English
(c) 2020 Citywire.co.uk. All Rights Reserved. 

Financial advisers who have completed defined benefit (DB) pension transfers are now under more pressure than ever to prove the work they have done was suitable for clients, a freedom of information request has revealed.

According to the results of a freedom of information request made by the pension consultancy Buck, the FCA is planning to write to 1,841 financial advisers regarding 'potential harm' done by their DB transfer advice. The figure represents 76% of the 2,426 advice firms who were advising people on their DB pensions between 2015 and 2018, the paper said.

In response to the revelation, Labour MP for Blaenau Gwent Nick Smith said that the FCA should intervene 'immediately' to identify clients who may have received a poor outcome. Smith's constituents were among those affected by what has been termed DB 'mis-selling' in Wales, following the revelations of poor advice in Port Talbot in 2017 and 2018.

'Now that we know how serious the situation is, we urgently need to know what is being done about it,' Smith said.

'The FCA should immediately contact customers at firms where there are problems.'

Last year, New Model Adviser® revealed that between 1,600 and 1,700 firms were in line to receive personalised letters from the regulator regarding their DB advice services, with the expectation that they provide detailed feedback to the FCA about the work they have done to prove its suitability.

That would not be the first time the FCA has written to advice firms. Just last week, the regulator penned a 'Dear CEO' letter to financial advisers warning that they must not rely on professional indemnity (PI) insurance policies that exclude DB advice, or include a high policy excess.

Along with DB transfers, PI insurance was noted by the regulator has a key cause for concern.

'We are concerned some financial advisers are holding inadequate financial resources and/or PI insurance for the business activities they carry out. This has been an issue with a number of the firms assessed as part of our work on DB pension transfer advice,' the Dear CEO letter said.

'Where this is the case, it increases the risk of firms being unable to put things right where they have caused harm to their clients. The inability to compensate consumers, and the transfer of these costs to other market participants via the Financial Services Compensation Scheme levy, is unfair and places an unnecessary burden on other firms. It also threatens confidence and participation in financial services markets.'

The regulator is yet to make a formal decision regarding the future of contingent charging models, which were placed under scrutiny in the wake of the pension freedoms as customers sought to cash out their DB pensions. Last year the FCA launched a consultation off the back of its intention to ban the practice, which permits advice firms to only receive a fee if a recommendation to transfer out goes ahead.

Document CWIRE00020200127eg1r000ma




money
I am not changing my ways, says Fundsmith manager Terry Smith

Mark Atherton 
504 words
18 January 2020
09:57 AM
thetimes.co.uk
TIMEUK
English
© Times Newspapers Limited 2020 

Britain's most popular fund manager this week reported a 25.6 per cent return for 2019 on his flagship £18.8 billion Fundsmith Equity fund and mounted a defence of his investment style.

In his

tenth annual letter to investors in the fund

, Terry Smith made clear that he had no intention of bowing to demands from some investors that he change his strategy amid a

recent fall in performance

. He had made returns of 137 per cent over five years, making the fund a top performer, but in the past six months it has been at the bottom end of the charts with a lowly return of 0.7 per cent.

Smith, who is based in Mauritius and was last week revealed to have

paid himself £16 million last year

, sticks to a strategy: buy good companies, don't overpay, then do nothing. This philosophy is known as growth investing. However, some critics have suggested that he should shift to a strategy known as value, where you pick stocks that look underpriced.

In defending his resolve to

stick to what has been a winning formula

, Smith says that while delivering another year's juicy profit for investors he made a loss on only one of his stocks - a 0.2 per cent loss on 3M, the American conglomerate that makes thousands of products, including tapes and adhesives. His only sales were 3M and Colgate-Palmolive, the consumer goods giant, and he made two new purchases: Brown-Forman, the distiller of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, and Clorox, the American household and personal care products company.

In his letter Smith tackles head-on what he called the "hardy perennial" argument that it is time for a change of investment styles. He writes: "The argument might be encapsulated thus: stocks of the sort our fund owns have had a good run of outperformance, as has the fund, but this is all about to end, or even already has ended, and so-called value investing - buying stocks mainly based upon their supposed under-valuation by the market - is making a comeback and funds which pursue this strategy are about to outperform us."

Smith says this strategy has flaws. "Most of the stocks that have valuations which attract value investors have them for good reason - they are not good businesses. This means that the value investor who buys one of these companies, which are indeed lowly rated, but which rarely or never make an adequate return on capital, is facing a headwind. The intrinsic value of the company does not grow . . . or even erodes over time, while the value investor is waiting for the lowly valuation to be recognised and the share price rise to reflect this."

He adds: "All of this was much more succinctly encapsulated by Warren Buffett when he said, 'It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price.' "

Document TIMEUK0020200118eg1h0000i




Money,Shopping,McDonald's
GOLDEN ARCHES McDonald's is giving away FREE McMuffins with every hot drink this Sunday

Levi Winchester 
504 words
17 January 2020
02:54 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2020 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

MCDONALD'S fans can get their hands on a FREE single McMuffin for breakfast this Sunday if they order a hot drink through the app.

It's the latest offer in the fast food chain's Appy Days giveaway which has been running throughout January.

To get the deal, order any hot drink on the My McDonald's app between 5am and 11am on January 19.

The app can be downloaded for free on Google Play     or the App Store    .

When you're ready to go, head to the "Deals" section when the offer is live and you'll be prompted to select what drink you want.

You can claim the freebie with any sized hot drink on the McCafe menu, with prices starting at 79p for an espresso.

A single McMuffin typically costs £2.49 if you go for sausage and egg, or bacon and egg, so you'd be saving £1.70 if you got an espresso.

For non-meat eaters, the cheese and egg McMuffin, usually priced at £2.09, is also included in the freebie - meaning a potential saving of £1.30.

Do note that prices vary between restaurants, so the exact amount you'll save will depend on your location.

As the offer includes any hot drink, that means you can also claim your free grub with a £1.19 cup of tea or the more fancy Millionaires latte, priced at £1.89.

The deal is only good for single McMuffins - not doubles, sorry - and can only be redeemed once per customer.

But as this is a fresh deal, that means anyone who redeemed a free McMuffin earlier this month can technically go back and get another.

Appy Days deals, which are running until January 26, are available for new and existing customers on the app.

As they can't be redeemed on Uber Eats, you'll need to be near a Maccies to get one.

But the good news is the majority of McDonald's 1,200 restaurants are participating in the month-long giveaway.

There are only 28 stores not taking part because they aren't available on the app.

We suggest using the McDonald's restaurant finder     to track down your nearest Maccies.

You can then check the terms and conditions of the offer when the deal goes live to make sure your closest branch is participating.

Make sure you eat McDonald's responsibly though, as a bacon and egg McMuffin contains 310 calories, while a sausage and egg McMuffin has 430.

An egg and cheese McMuffin is the slightly better option if you're watching your weight, with 295 calories.

McDonald's has been good to customers this month, having given away free fries and milkshakes.

Other freebies include a bacon roll will any hot drink ordered on the app.

As well as this, cheese melt dippers were given away for free for all app users.

Document THESCOT020200116eg1g004pl




Why I'm Bullish Robotics And AI In 2020

William Studebaker 
504 words
11 January 2020
03:22 AM
Benzinga.com
BNZNGA
English
Copyright 2020. Benzinga.com 

As we enter 2020, it's amazing how the media, and many investors, begin with such a negative vision about what can go wrong versus what can go right. Despite the pervasive sentiment that things are getting worse, people are richer, healthier, freer and safer than previous generations. Panic is in the air after the death of Iranian General Qasem Soleimani.

But just as with the 2017 "fire and fury" episode with North Korea, such events are more likely indicative of coming peace, not coming war. In 2019 we climbed a wall of worry, overcoming fears from a trade war with China and yield curve inversion, among others. Now, we see a mid-cycle refresh that can extend the expansion. Going forward I believe investors need to focus their attention and dollars on the future, particularly in areas primed for disruption and not yet at premium valuations. The industry where we see this opportunity is robotics and artificial intelligence.

Why We're Bullish

In December 2018, we articulated our extremely bullish view on this theme based on penetration rates being at their nascent beginnings and the ROBO Index being at its lowest levels in history. Today, valuations stand at historical averages, but earnings are set to enter a new upcycle.

As we move into 2020, we expect earnings to accelerate in both the ROBO and AI strategies, in contrast to anemic growth forecasts by most strategists. Early in 2019, we argued that in order to see a meaningful rotation of flows from the U.S to rest of world, investors would likely have to see sustained outperformance-or in other words, experience a little 'FOMO'-however, given the trajectory of Cyclicals vs. Defensives throughout Q4, I think the argument could be made that we may be at that inflection point now.

With 56% of our portfolio outside North America, the ROBO strategy should benefit from international tailwinds and its balanced diversification. The Asian flu has subsided, and we are seeing improvements in factory automation.

However, Europe will be one area to watch in 2020, with the relative valuation discount vs the U.S. at 37%. With the Brexit overhang effectively cleared up, Eurozone equities could re-rate. And with 7% of ROBO in Germany alone we remain optimistic.

The fundamental building blocks of the 2020s will be robotics and artificial intelligence. Every industry and region is going on a journey to become more digital and more automated. It's why we created two indexes to support this theme: the ROBO Global Robotics and Automation Index (which is tracked by theRobo Global Robotics and Automation ETF (NYSE: ROBO)) and Robo Global Healthcare Technology & Innovation Index (which theRobo Global Healthcare Technology and Innovation ETF (NYSE: HTEC) tracks).

We are on the cusp of ubiquitous automation, which we believe will enhance productivity for society and returns for investors. The only question is how will you participate?

William Studebaker is the President & CIO of ROBO Global 0

Document BNZNGA0020200110eg1a000ma


E*TRADE Financial Corporation; E*TRADE Corporate Services Automates Online Trade Clearance Process, an Equity Compensation Industry First

504 words
1 January 2020
Education Letter
EDULTR
185
English
© Copyright 2020 Education Letter via VerticalNews.com 

2020 JAN 1 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Education Letter -- E*TRADE Financial Corporate Services, Inc. announced an industry-first enhancement-online trade clearance automation.

Administrators can enter, view, and edit trade clearance instructions online for their participants, including trading windows, time period, number and type of shares, and other grant-specific information. Participants also benefit from more transparency in the process. Now they can set up their trades online, view approved trading periods, and automatically receive an alert when their clearance instructions have been set up or updated. This eliminates the need for phone calls and emails with their administrator.

"We're committed to making the benefits experience effortless for participants and administrators alike," said Scott Whatley, President of E*TRADE Corporate Services. "With industry-leading solutions like trade clearance automation, we're transforming how administrators do business. Now administrators are freed up from back office tasks and can eliminate unnecessary gear grinding. Participants are also empowered to act on their equity more easily than ever before."

The enhancement comes on the heels of announcing a student loan benefit offering, including employer-sponsored student loan paydown, 529 plan contribution solutions, and access to student loan refinance options.

To learn more about E*TRADE's equity compensation offering, visit etrade.com/corporateservices. For news and thought leadership from E*TRADE Corporate Services, follow us on LinkedIn. About E*TRADE Financial and Important Notices The E*TRADE Financial family of companies provides financial services, including trading, investing, banking, and managing employee stock and student loan benefit plans. Employee stock and student loan benefit plan solutions are offered by E*TRADE Financial Corporate Services, Inc. Securities products and services are offered by E*TRADE Securities LLC (Member FINRA/SIPC). Commodity futures and options on futures products and services are offered by E*TRADE Futures LLC (Member NFA). Managed Account Solutions are offered through E*TRADE Capital Management, LLC, a Registered Investment Adviser. Bank products and services are offered by E*TRADE Bank, and RIA custody solutions are offered by E*TRADE Savings Bank, both of which are national federal savings banks (Members FDIC). More information is available at www.etrade.com.

E*TRADE Financial, E*TRADE, and the E*TRADE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of E*TRADE Financial Corporation. ETFC-G

In connection with stock plan solutions offered by E*TRADE Financial Corporate Services, Inc., E*TRADE Securities LLC provides brokerage services to stock plan participants. E*TRADE Financial, E*TRADE, and the E*TRADE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of E*TRADE Financial Corporation. ETFC-G

(c) 2019 E*TRADE Financial Corporation. All rights reserved. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20191217005805/en/

Keywords for this news article include: Business, Education, Student Loans, Investment and Finance, E*TRADE Financial Corporation.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2020, NewsRx LLC

Document EDULTR0020200101eg1100014




HOW GIVING UP ALCOHOL FOR NEW YEAR AND BEYOND COULD BAG YOU A 'FREE' HOLIDAY

By Vicky Shaw, PA Personal Finance Correspondent 
504 words
27 December 2019
01:45 PM
Press Association National Newswire
PRESSA
English
(c)2019, The Press Association, All Rights Reserved 

People giving up alcohol during "dry January" and beyond could save enough money to splash out on far-flung holidays, according to research.

Even a short five-week "no drinking" stint could result in a couple saving enough cash for a two-night stay in Amsterdam, a study for foreign exchange firm Caxton found.

Going alcohol-free for 10 weeks could potentially in the equivalent of five nights in the sunny Algarve.

Giving up booze for a whole year could save enough for a week-long all-inclusive stay in Montego Bay, Jamaica, come this time next year, the research, carried out for Caxton by website Moneycomms.co.uk, found.

Researchers assumed a regular drinking habit of eight pints of beer and one bottle of wine per couple per week, bought from a bar or pub.

It was calculated that a self-imposed drinking ban could boost the financial health of a couple by as much as £44 per week typically - although pub and bar prices can vary hugely.

The research involved searching various travel websites earlier in December to see how far a couple's weekly savings could take them.

It found that, for a couple, giving up alcohol for:

- Five weeks could bag a two-night stay in Amsterdam including flights, costing £218;

- Seven weeks could result in a three-night stay in Prague at £305;

- 10 weeks could pay for a five-night stay in the Algarve (Praia da Rocha) at £435;

- 17 weeks could fund a £740 trip to Naples for seven nights;

- 23 weeks could save enough for a £1,001 all-inclusive seven-night holiday at Egypt's Red Sea;

- 33 weeks would be enough for a seven-night room-only stay in Barbados at £1,436;

- A full year (52 weeks) could buy a seven-night all-inclusive stay in Jamaica's Montego Bay at £2,263 - flying out in January 2021.

Alana Parsons, chief operating officer at Caxton, said: "Many of us enjoy a drink either to wind down in the evening or while out with friends or family at weekends, but we rarely tally up how much it costs us over the course of a year.

"With the party season nearly behind us, thoughts naturally turn to making plans for the year ahead.

"Extending the traditional dry January for a further few months or longer might not work for everyone, but a New Year Resolution that's good for your health as well as your pocket is easier to stick to if you have a holiday on the horizon.

"Planning your 2020 travel itinerary nice and early helps you bag the best holiday deals - but while you're at it, don't forget to check if your passports are still in date and that you've got your holiday currency, pre-paid currency card and travel insurance all sorted well in advance too."

Document PRESSA0020191227efcr000dx

Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:19 PM
    
