 


Galaxy Z Flip3: Samsung won't be happy about this huge price drop

Dion Dassanayake 
504 words
19 February 2022
06:30 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2022 

SAMSUNG fans can take advantage of an incredible deal on the Galaxy Z Flip3, which is so good you might struggle to believe it's real.

This article contains affiliate links, we may receive a commission on any sales we generate from it. Learn more

The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3 - a next-generation flip phone with an OLED screen that folds in half - can be purchased with a 24-month contract that bundles 100GB of 5G data, unlimited texts and minutes for less than it costs to buy the handset alone from the Samsung Store. The Galaxy Z Flip3 has an RRP of £949 when bought SIM-free today. But right now, you can get hold of this incredible foldable phone for a total cost of just £744 - that's £205 cheaper than buy the handset SIM-free.

This is an incredible bargain, which blows away the traditional thinking that purchasing a handset SIM-free and then sorting out your own choice of SIM deal always works out cheaper in the long run.

To take advantage of this deal, you'll buy the Three Mobile contract via third-party store Affordable Mobiles website. This handset, on a Three contract, usually costs £31 a month with a £129 upfront fee.

But if you enter the code ZFLIP31 at checkout that you won't need to pay the upfront fee at all. That's a pretty hefty saving straight out of the gate.

This is the best deal on the Galaxy Z Flip3 that's available on the market right now, so if you've been thinking of picking up the handset for awhile then now is the perfect time to do so.

If you're interested, on the Affordable Mobiles website you'll be able to get the Galaxy Z Flip3 in either the black, green or cream colour schemes. And if you do take advantage of this deal you'll get a number of benefits for being a Three customer.

The Galaxy Z Flip3 will be able to take advantage of Three's 5G network for super fast next-gen mobile download speeds. If you're not in an area covered by 5G, you'll instead be table to take advantage of 99 percent 4G or 3G network coverage.

For those that head into the capital for work, Three customers can also access WiFi on the London Underground, on over 250 stations in ticket halls, walkways and platforms.

Three customers that love a bargain can also use the Three+ Rewards App to take advantage of a range of exclusive discount deals. Savings available with the Three customer loyalty app at the moment include offers with Uber Eats, Cineworld and more.

Related articles Best Samsung Galaxy S22 Deals: Get Free Galaxy Buds and Low Prices Own an Android phone? You could get £600 off the new Galaxy S22 Ultra Buy Galaxy S22 Ultra today, and secure your next upgrade too

Document EXCO000020220219ei2j002mh




Energy deal ban: Ofgem green lights major change for Brits - 'More resilient and fair'

Catherine Meyer-Funnell 
504 words
17 February 2022
03:41 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2022 

OFGEM is set to ban energy suppliers from only offering discount deals to new customers, in an attempt to stop more energy firms going bust.

The policy will mean that these deals must be offered to both new and existing customers, as well as stopping loyal customers being penalised for not switching energy suppliers. Since September last year, more than two dozen energy companies have gone bust, having relied on new customers with discounted deals and loss making prices to stay solvent.

Related articles

They were unable to stay afloat when the price of gas on the wholesale market dramatically increased.

The policy, set to be implemented on April 14, will remain in place for six months before Ofgem reviews it and decides whether it will become permanent.

Simon Oscroft, co-founder of energy supplier So Energy, said the policy would, "help build a more resilient and fairer energy energy market as we begin to emerge from this crisis".

In a statement, Ofgem said: "The energy market has faced a huge challenge due to the unprecedented increase in global gas prices, a once-in-a-30-year event.

"We're putting in place short-term measures to protect customers.

"All suppliers will have to offer existing customers the same deals available to new customers.

"This will ensure customers can benefit from all tariffs available in the market and enable more customers to benefit when wholesale prices fall.

READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment recipients 'should get £500' DWP told

Related articles

"We'll monitor how effective this is before considering whether it should become an enduring measure in the market."

From April, 22 million households in Britain will see their energy bill rise by 54 percent as Ofgem announced the energy price cap will rise from £1,277 to £1,971 per year.

This is an increase of on average £693, however for 4.5 million prepayment customers their bills will rise on average by £708.

DON'T MISS:

Britons working at home slapped with massive energy bills [SPOTLIGHT]

Stack your dishwasher this way to save you money on your energy bills [TIPS]

Brits fear cost of living will make their lifestyle unaffordable[LIFESTYLE]

Global gas prices have risen at record levels over the past six months, meaning energy bills may rise yet again in October after the price cap is next revised.

There are fears that British citizens may face a "cost of living catastrophe", with increases in food prices and National Insurance payments.

The Bank of England has predicted spending power will fall by 2 percent in 2022, as wage rises are not keeping up with the increase in the cost of living.

This is only the third time such a fall has taken place since 1990.

Related articles Heating costs 'much higher' for older people, Sunak warned Families eligible for triple Cold Weather Payment as energy bills rise Government has announced a £150 council tax rebate

Document EXCO000020220217ei2h001jl




Money
Couple who bought B&Q plant for just £12 discover its leaves are worth £170 each

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
16 February 2022
01:21 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Harry Langstaff and Amy Biffa couldn't believe it when they spotted the super rare monstera Aurea marmorata plant had been marked down from £24 to £12 in their local B&Q

A couple are quids in after they purchased a rare plant from B&Q for just £12 -but its leaves are worth £170 each.

Harry Langstaff and Amy Biffa spotted the plant had been marked down from £24 to £12.

The couple believe it had been reduced due to yellow colouring that had appeared on its leaves, which staff could've mistaken for a disease -but this actually means the plant is extremely rare.

Harry and Amy picked up a monstera Aurea marmorata -which can sell for anywhere between £200 for a clipping, to £2,000 for a whole plant.

The amateur botanists said they felt like they were "winning the lottery" when they spotted the discount.

It comes after plant collectors urged shoppers to check shops for unusual shrubs in B&Q and Lidl -again, as staff are mistakenly marking down rare species over fears they are sick.

Harry told The Sun : "When we first saw the plant sitting there, we kind of just looked at each other and really couldn't believe what we were seeing.

"It was reduced to £12 because it had a yellow leaf that B&Q must have assumed meant it was sick.

"We hastily checked the stem for any colour, we then immediately just snatched it up and strapped it in the back seat with a seatbelt like it was our child."

The couple had been searching stores for rare plants for their small business, The Plant Couple.

Harry reckons their plant is worth about £600 at the moment and says they'll sell the leaves at £170 each.

The couple say the plant would need to have elaborate multi-coloured leaves to be worth as much as £2,000.

To check whether your plant is rare or just has one yellow dry leaf, Harry recommends looking at the stem to see if this too is also yellow or white.

If the stem shows signs of striping, then it's variegated -which means showing different colours -and your plant could be worth a small fortune.

Even then, you have to wait until it has grown properly to make sure it isn't just a disease.

Harry says the chances of finding a super rare plant in a local shop can be "extremely slim, one in a million".

A B&Q spokesperson said: "At B&Q we're pretty proud of the quality of our house plants so we can see why it's been reported that our plants could be worth up to £4,000.

"Whilst we don't sell the extremely rare plants in question, we do sell top quality houseplants that our customers are more familiar with and that are more purse-friendly!"

Document MIRUK00020220215ei2f003eg




News
Drivers face £35bn tax bill to plug the gap as switch to electric cars hits revenue

Transport Correspondent For The Daily Mail 
504 words
4 February 2022
12:57 PM
Mail Online
DAMONL
English
Copyright 2022 

* Fuel duty is spent on schools, hospitals and other priorities such as the police

* But at present drivers of electric cars pay no fuel duty nor vehicle excise duty

* Government urged to have a 'conversation' with drivers on new ways to be taxed

* The report recommends 'road pricing' which would charge drivers per car trip

Drivers will have to pay new taxes to plug the £35billion shortfall created by the switch to electric cars - and ministers must spell out what they are, a report says today.

The Commons transport committee's report urges the Government to start an 'up-front conversation' with drivers about new ways they could be taxed.

At present, drivers of electric cars pay no fuel duty, which nets £28billion a year, or vehicle excise duty, which brings in £7billion.

Fuel duty is spent on schools, hospitals and other priorities such as the police.

Vehicle excise duty is spent fixing roads. To replace them, the report recommends 'road pricing', which would charge drivers per trip, based on the distance travelled, duration of the journey and vehicle type.

It also urges ministers to set up an arms-length body to recommend a new regime by the end of this year.

The sale of new petrol and diesel cars will be banned in 2030, so millions of motorists are expected to go electric before then.

A government spokesman said it was committed to keeping the transition to electric cars 'affordable for consumers'.

Figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders show plug-in vehicles accounted for more than one in six new cars registered in the UK last year.

'The situation is urgent,' the report warned. 'Work must begin without delay.'

Tory MP Huw Merriman, who chairs the committee, said the UK faces a '£35 billion black hole in finances unless the Government acts now'.

He went on: 'That's 4% of the entire tax-take. Only £7 billion of this goes back to the roads; schools and hospitals could be impacted if motorists don't continue to pay.

'We need to talk about road pricing.

'Innovative technology could deliver a national road pricing scheme which prices up a journey based on the amount of road, and type of vehicle, used.'

He added: 'Net-zero emissions should not mean zero tax revenue.'

RAC Foundation director Steve Gooding said the 'silver lining of zero-carbon motoring comes wrapped in a cloud of trouble for the Chancellor'.

He went on: 'Drivers choosing to go electric deserve to know what is coming next - particularly if the promise of cheap per-mile running costs is set to be undermined by a future tax change.

'If the Treasury is thinking it can leave this issue for another day but still recoup their losses from electric vehicles they risk a furious backlash from drivers who made the choice to go electric expecting to save money.'

Document DAMONL0020220204ei24000s2




Index
Sultan 'partner' joins will battle

AMBER WILSON 
504 words
3 February 2022
Hobart Mercury
MRCURY
Hobart
4
English
© News Pty Limited. No redistribution is permitted. 

A WOMAN stated to be the de facto partner of late property mogul Ali Sultan has been drawn into a high-profile estate battle with his eldest son.

Moe Sultan is challenging his father's will in an ongoing Supreme Court of Tasmania clash, alleging executors and trustees of his father's most recent will misused money from the estate and appointed themselves directors of Sultan Holdings.

Rola Taychouri-Smith has recently been added as a defendant in the proceedings, with Moe Sultan noting various incarnations of his father's will since November 2018 granted her annual legacies and/or a specific bequest.

Moe Sultan says his father's last true will was made in July 2018 or earlier, and that subsequent versions did not represent his father's intentions and were not valid wills "as he did not know and approve his contents" when he executed them.

In her defence filed with the court, Ms Taychouri-Smith says she was the second cousin of Ali Sultan as her paternal grandmother was his maternal grandmother's sister.

But she also said she had been in a romantic relationship with Ali Sultan at the time of his death as his de facto spouse. She said that while Ali Sultan was married to Christine Sultan, their relationship ended in 2014 and they were "in the final stage of formalising their divorce at the time the deceased died".

She denied wills made in November 2018, November 2019 and December 2020 were invalid.

Ali Sultan, a well-known businessman, died unexpectedly in January 2021 after a heart attack while walking on kunanyi/Mt Wellington.

Moe Sultan claims his father had limited English skills, particularly in comprehension of written documents, and that newer versions of the will did not reflect his intentions. A number of defendants have already denied claims of wrongdoing in the case, including Integrity Commission chief commissioner Aziz Gregory Melick, Sultan Holdings accountant Mark Saltzman and lawyer Damian Egan.

Moe Sultan's younger brother Saleh, also listed as a defendant, has previously filed a written defence with the court, although the amended statement of claim does not allege any wrongdoing by him.

Two further defendants, Mezed Eid and Mohamad Eid, have now also filed a joint defence with the court, denying claims the later versions of Ali Sultan's will were not valid.

However, they agreed with Moe Sultan's claims that the December 2020 will did not represent Ali Sultan's testamentary intentions.

Two defendants - lawyer Ian Creese and Sultan Holdings project development manager Timothy Lucas - previously rescinded their involvement and are no longer parties to the dispute.

On Wednesday, lawyers for all parties involved appeared in the Supreme Court of Tasmania via video link before Associate Justice Stephen Holt. He ordered all defendants file affidavit material within 21 days, with a further directions hearing to be held on March 9. The matter is slated for mediation, and if it does not resolve will go to trial.

Document MRCURY0020220202ei2300035




Press Release: California American Water Seeks Bill Relief for Customers Financially affected by COVID Pandemic

504 words
1 February 2022
05:47 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2022, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

California American Water Seeks Bill Relief for Customers Financially affected by COVID Pandemic 


SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--January 31, 2022-- 

California American Water has filed an application with the State Water Resources Control Board to help provide financial support to customers who were unable to pay their water bills during the coronavirus pandemic. The funding will enable the utility to forgive past-due balances incurred by its customers between March 2020 and June 2021.

California American Water requested $6.8 million in relief for customers across its California service areas. The company anticipates receiving final approval by the State Water Resources Control Board around the first of the year. Customers do not have to apply for debt forgiveness. If approved, California American Water will apply any credits to affected customers' accounts within 60 days after receiving funding from the state, which is expected to arrive by February 2022.

"As we continue to see the effects from the ongoing pandemic, we understand that our customers may still be struggling financially," said Kevin Tilden, President of California American Water. "We hope this debt relief will ease some of the burden our customers face as a result of the COVID emergency."

This relief is another step California American Water has taken to provide financial aid to its customers. Customers with remaining balances pre-dated to the pandemic or have accrued after June 15, 2021, can utilize interest and penalty-free payment plans or extensions, preventing them from experiencing disruptions in service after the moratorium on disconnections for non-payment expires. Eligible customers can also enroll in California American Water's Assistance Program, which provides qualifying customers a discount on their monthly service charge.

About California American Water: California American Water, a subsidiary of American Water (NYSE: AWK), provides high-quality and reliable water and/or wastewater services to more than 880,000 California residents. Information regarding California American Water's service areas can be found on the company's website www.californiaamwater.com.

About American Water

With a history dating back to 1886, American Water (NYSE:AWK) is the largest and most geographically diverse U.S. publicly traded water and wastewater utility company. The company employs approximately 6,400 dedicated professionals who provide regulated and regulated-like drinking water and wastewater services to an estimated 14 million people in 25 states. American Water provides safe, clean, affordable and reliable water services to our customers to help keep their lives flowing. For more information, visit amwater.com and follow American Water on Twitter , Facebook    and LinkedIn .


 
    CONTACT:    Evan Jacobs

Director of External Affairs

Phone: 707-495-6135

Email: evan.jacobs@amwater.com

31 Jan 2022 13:47 ET *California American Water Seeks Bill Relief for Customers Financially Affected by Covid Pandemic

31 Jan 2022 13:48 ET *California American Water Files Application With State Water Resources Control Bd to Help Provide Fincl Support to Customers Unable to Pay Bills During Pandemic

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

Document DJDN000020220131ei1v00393


Lifestyle,Money
Tesco Bank to pay thousands of car insurance customers refunds after wide-spread policy error

By Press Association 
504 words
31 January 2022
10:49 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2022 Reach Plc 

More than 620 Tesco customers have chosen to take the refund so far.

Thousands of Tesco Bank customers will be entitled to a refund after the lender told them theirno claims bonus protectionfor motor insurance would be around £1.2 million cheaper collectively than it actually was.

In writing to 124,451 customers between April 2020 and September last year, theCompetition and Markets Authority(CMA) said that Tesco Bank misled them into thinking their policies would be £10 cheaper than reality.

The CMA said that the bank will now explain the situation to customers, who can choose to keep the policy or get a refund.

No claims bonus protection is additional cover drivers can purchase which protects their no claims discount in the event of an accident.

New Tesco Clubcard set to change the way millions of customers can shop in stores and online

Drivers at traffic lights making same mistake could be fined under Highway Code rules

"This error meant that motorists were unable to make a fully informed decision as to whether they wanted no claims bonus protection," the CMA said.

"Had they been told the right price, they may have decided to cancel their no claims bonus protection or switch to another, cheaper provider.

"Thanks to our action, Tesco customers will now have the chance to decide whether they want to keep their current protection or get their money back."

Top Money Stories Today

It said that Tesco Bank had failed to "clearly, prominently and accurately" displace the additional cost of a no claims bonus protection.

This meant that customers did not understand the value in removing the protection from their deal.

Tesco Bank reported the problems to the CMA itself.

The bank said: "We apologise for this error, which we have now fixed.

"All existing customers who were impacted have been contacted with the option of a refund and the removal of their no claims bonus protection.

"However, the overwhelming majority of customers are choosing to retain their protection. In all cases there was no impact on the cover provided to our customers."

Around 0.5% of customers who have been contacted have chosen to get a refund.

Latest Personal Finance News

Seven years ago theCMA concluded an investigationinto private motor insurance.

At the time it found that the price of no claims bonus protections was often unclear to customers.

As a result it created a legal order which forced providers to clearly state the cost of the protection.

The CMA added: "Given the action being taken by Tesco Bank, the CMA does not consider it appropriate to take formal enforcement action in relation to this breach at present.

"The CMA will monitor the resolution of this breach and Tesco Bank's future compliance closely."

To keep up to date with this story join our Money Saving Scotland Facebook grouphere, follow Record Money on Twitterhere, or subscribe to our twice weekly newsletter.

Document DRECRONL20220131ei1v0020d




Hickenlooper Cheers Record 200,000 Coloradans Enrolled for Health Insurance with Connect for Health; Sen. John W. Hickenlooper (D-CO) News Release

504 words
25 January 2022
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2022 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

Denver, Colo.-Today, Senator John Hickenlooper applauded Connect for Health Colorado's announcement that 198,412 Coloradans signed up for a health insurance plan by the end of the most recent Open Enrollment Period. This marks an increase of more than 18,000 enrollments, or 10 percent, above last year's end of Open Enrollment total, and is the highest end of Open Enrollment total since Connect for Health Colorado opened in 2013.

Three out of four customers who signed up for a plan qualified for health insurance savings via premium subsidies passed by Congress as part of the American Rescue Plan. Thanks to these subsidies, individuals can save an average of 52 percent on their monthly premium.

While the annual enrollment period has ended, uninsured residents who have been impacted by the recent fires in Boulder County or by COVID-19 can access a new Disaster Relief Special Enrollment Period now through March 16, 2022.

"These numbers prove Connect for Health Colorado is a success story," said Colorado Senator John Hickenlooper. "Congress needs to keep premiums low to make health care an affordable reality for every Coloradan."

"The record level of enrollments we're seeing tells me that people are finding plans in their budget and that our sign-up process is smoother than ever before," said Chief Executive Officer Kevin Patterson.

"While the regular Open Enrollment Period is complete, we opened our doors again. We're here to make sure those who find themselves affected by the recent Marshall Fire and the pandemic can get the coverage and care they need," Patterson said.

"The American Rescue Plan helped make health care more affordable and accessible for nearly 200,000 Coloradans. That is what progress looks like," said Colorado Senator Michael Bennet. "As we continue to face ongoing challenges as a result of COVID-19 and the Marshall Fire, I'm grateful that the enrollment deadline has been extended to ensure more families can get covered this year."

Additional Enrollment Opportunities and Assistance

Qualifying events, like certain household changes or losing health insurance from a job, also open a 60-day Special Enrollment Period for residents who need health insurance or want to change their plan. People can enroll in Health First Colorado (Colorado's Medicaid program) and the Child Health Plan Plus (CHP+) program any time during the year if they qualify.

Free help is available year-round from enrollment experts--certified Brokers and community-based Assisters-- located throughout Colorado. Connect for Health Colorado offers Enrollment Centers to provide help signing up for a health insurance plan in person, virtually or by phone.

To apply for health insurance and to find local enrollment assistance contact Connect for Health Colorado at ConnectforHealthCO.com or by calling 855-752-6749 .

Read this original document at: https://www.hickenlooper.senate.gov/press-releases/hickenlooper-cheers-record-200000-coloradans-enrolled-for-health-insurance-with-connect-for-health/

Document CONGDP0020220126ei1p00051




Money
Boots announces big changes to Advantage Card club -and it means more discounts

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
18 January 2022
04:17 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

Boots' loyalty scheme is called the Advantage Card and now shoppers can get exclusive discounts on certain goods, including on brands such as No7 and L'Oréal Paris

Boots has confirmed a huge change to its Advantage Cardloyalty scheme -and it means shoppers can bag bigger discounts.

The high street health and beauty retailer has brought back its Price Advantage initiative permanently, as of this month.

Price Advantage gives exclusive discounts to Boots customers with an Advantage card in over 2,000 stores across the UK.

Shoppers have to hand over their Advantage Card at the tills to get the lower price that is advertised on the shelves.

Customers will know if an item is included in the Price Advantage as they'll be advertised with a pink sticker in stores.

The pink stickers will show the price for Advantage Card holders and the price for other shoppers.

Price Advantage isn't available on the Boots website and shoppers without an Advantage Card won't be able to get the lower prices.

Boots says shoppers will see discounts on around 150 products each month.

This month, customers can save over £8 on the L'Oréal Paris Revitalift Laser Pure Retinol Deep Anti-Wrinkle Night Serum which costs £16.60 for Advantage Card holders, compared to £24.99 for regular customers.

Also on offer is Boots' No7 Lash Extender Fiber Mascara, down to £11.95 from £13.95, as well as Boots' Ingredients Hyaluronic Acid Serum 30ml, which is reduced to £4 from £5.

Do you think Boots' Advantage Card is worth it Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below.

However, just because something is included in Advantage Prices, that doesn't necessarily mean you won't find it cheaper at another store.

Make sure you compare prices online using websites such as Price Spy and CamelCamelCamel to check you're getting the best deal.

Always go for the lowest price to make the biggest saving.

What is an Advantage Card

It is free to sign up for an Advantage Card -you can do this on the Boots website -and the scheme allows you to accrue points as you shop.

Advantage Card holders get four points for every £1 spent -and points are worth 1p each in return.

This means if you collect 100 points, you'd have £1 to spend, while 1,000 points are worth £10.

You can also get personalised discounts sent to you by Boots by being an Advantage Card holder.

A spokesperson from Boots said: "Helping shoppers get more out of life for less, all Boots Advantage Card holders will be given access to the Price Advantage programme meaning they'll be able to get their hands on even bigger savings by being members of the loyalty scheme."

Boots says it will also release hundreds of half price deals this month, as well as offering everyday essentials for just £2.

Document MIRUK00020220117ei1h00467




Money
Martin Lewis fan explains how he saved £400 after Virgin confirmed price hikes

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
14 January 2022
11:57 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

MoneySavingExpert.com founder Martin Lewis has explained how a viewer, was able to save £400 after finding a better deal after Virgin Media confirmed it was raising prices

A Martin Lewis  fan has explained how they saved £400 after Virgin Media  announced it was hiking prices.

Virgin last week confirmed that it would raise prices by £56  a year for millions of customers.

The telecoms giant said almost all mobile, TV and broadband customers will be affected from March 1, 2022 -unless the household falls under the 'vulnerable' bracket.

After flagging the price hike on his ITV  show, Martin and his co-star Angelica Bell explained how one viewer has managed to make a huge saving by looking for a cheaper deal elsewhere.

The saver, known only as David, said: "Thanks to watching the show, I rang Virgin.

"They weren't able to beat a deal I had found elsewhere and so I've started the process of leaving them? for a deal that is £400 cheaper per year.

"Plus the new deal has 2.5 times faster speeds!"

It isn't clear what type of deal David had with Virgin, or what new supplier he is switching over to.

But if you're coming out of your current broadband, phone or TV package, then it might be time to check if you can make savings too.

Have you managed to save money on your bills Let us know your story: mirror.money.saving@mirror.co.uk

How to save money on your bills

If you're out of contract, the first thing you should do is compare prices to see if you're getting the best deal.

You can compare prices using CompareTheMarket.com , Confused.com , MoneySupermarket.co.uk  or Uswitch.com .

If you do spot a better deal and you're out of contract, you should be able to switch providers for free.

But if you're still locked into a service or you don't want to leave your current provider, then you could try haggling.

Haggling is never guaranteed to always work, but if you do pull it off, you could end up making huge savings.

Start by calling up the customer service centre of your current broadband provider, and then give them details of the cheaper deal you've found -and ask if they can match it.

If they say they can't match it, you could try telling them you're thinking about disconnecting to see if that has any more sway.

Those who are still in contract and are desperate to leave should also check how much they'd have to pay to leave early, as you may still save money if the deal you've found elsewhere is massively cheaper.

For example, if you had to pay £50 to leave your current provider, but a new deal would save you £400 a year, it would be worth paying the exit fee.

Document MIRUK00020220114ei1e003sk




Money
Drivers at risk of £2,500 fine and three points for wiper blade error -how to check

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
13 January 2022
11:25 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2022 Mirror Group Ltd 

You could be deemed to be driving a car in a dangerous condition if broken or blunt wiper blades stop you from clearing your windscreen properly -here's how to check yours are in working order

Drivers could risk being fined up to £2,500 for not replacing the wiper blades on their car.

This is because you could be deemed to be driving a car in a dangerous condition, if broken or blunt wiper blades stop you from clearing your windscreen properly.

If your wiper blades aren't working, then your visibility of the road could be affected while you're driving.

As well as risking a £2,500 fine, you could also see three points added to your driving licence, according to National Tyres and Autocare.

If the offence is committed within three years of a previous conviction for a similar offence, then you could be disqualified from driving for a minimum of six years.

Failure to have proper control of a vehicle or full view of the road and traffic ahead also carries a fine of £1,000 -or £2,500 for passenger-carrying or goods vehicles.

Section 40a of The Road Traffic Act: Using a Vehicle in a Dangerous Condition Part II, states that: "A person is guilty of an offence if he uses, or causes or permits another to use, a motor vehicle or trailer on a road when the condition of the motor vehicle or trailer, or of its accessories or equipment is such that the use of the motor vehicle or trailer involves a danger of injury to any person."

Michael Bourne, Group Marketing Director of National Tyres commented: "Windscreen wipers are pivotal to safety and being able to see those around you, yet there are so many people unaware of how important it is to keep them in the best possible condition.

"The last thing a driver wants is to realise their visibility is compromised by defective windscreen wipers when they're travelling at speed or when the weather suddenly turns bad.

"With winter just around the corner, it's important that motorists are mindful of their own safety and the condition of their vehicle is of paramount importance to other road users."

Have you successfully appealed a driving fine Let us know: mirror.money.saving@mirror.co.uk

How to check your wiper blades

Your car can fail its MOT if your windscreen wipers don't work properly or they don't clear your windscreen effectively.

National Tyres and Autocare has provided the following tips to check yours are in working order:

* Check your wipers don't leave streaks and smears behind when they remove rain, debris, or dirt.

* Check if the rubber on your wipers is cracked or split in any way.

* Make sure your wipers are not bouncing off your screen rather than smoothly gliding across the surface of the glass.

Document MIRUK00020220113ei1d003e9




Money,News Money,Rare coins and valuable notes
MAKE A MINT Rare Kew Gardens 50p coin sells for £250 on eBay - how to spot one and make a mint

Emily Downes 
504 words
8 January 2022
09:27 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2022 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

A RARE 50p coin has sold on eBay 500 times higher than its face value, as one lucky bidder managed to claim it for their own with a £250 offer.

In any other circumstance a 50p is worth exactly that - 50p. But this coin features a unique twist that means it's more in demand than any other.

That means collectors, who know what they're looking for, will offer high prices to get their owns hands on a copy.

It's because the coin is the rarest of them all-according to Change Checker's latest scarcity index anyway.

It's the rare 2009 Kew Gardens 50p, of which only 210,000 exist.

On the reverse side it features an image of the Chinese pagoda that stands at the heart of the London attraction the coin is named after.

We often see this particular style coin sell for hundreds of pounds on eBay so it's no strange feat, and this particular coin managed to catch the attention of 28 bids.

Those were placed within the short time frame of just one day, though bids kicked off at a whopping £90 to start with.

We've seen copies of the coin reach £190 in the past, and £177 before too, so £250 is an impressive price to call the final sale on.

How to spot one and make a mint

It's always worthing having a rifle through your own change to spot any unique designs - if you find one you could make a lot of money from it on eBay.

The Kew Gardens 50p, like other commemorative style coins, will usually sell for hundreds of pounds, so you could definitely make a mint.

Even the odd minting error raises interest too.

They'll all usually be produced in low numbers so demand from collectors is high.

If you look at other listings on eBay you'll be able to determine how much your own change could go for.

But you should also always keep in mind that on eBay a buyer could pull out, which means the coin won't have sold for the price it says it has.

Be cautious of fakes too, as they'll often show up online.

You can check your change with experts like Coin Hunter or The Royal Mint if you want to know if your change is worth what others are saying.

Rare coins and valuable notes-is yours worth a mint?

* Five rarest coins - do you have one?

* The 13 most valuable £2 coins in circulation

* How valuable are the rarest £1 coins?

* Most rare and valuable 50p coins in circulation

* Rare and most valuable 20p coins that could be worth up to £750

* Rarest 10p coins in circulation

* Rare 2p coins revealed

* How to check if you have a rare and valuable banknote

Document THESCOT020220108ei18001p5




Racing
Cash Back scores on return to hurdles at Clonmel

504 words
6 January 2022
RTE.ie
RTEI
English
Copyright 2022. RTE 

Classic Getaway was upstaged by stable companion Cash Back in the Munster Hurdle at Clonmel.

A runaway winner on his only start in the point-to-point field, Classic Getaway was snapped up for £570,000 by bloodstock agent Tom Malone and trainer Gordon Elliott on behalf of Cheveley Park Stud.

After leaving Elliott to join Willie Mullins, the six-year-old made a successful debut under rules with a 15-length verdict in a Tipperary bumper last May and was the 5-6 favourite on his return to action.

Partnered by Paul Townend, Classic Getaway tracked the Danny Mullins-ridden Cash Back during the early stages before taking over with a circuit to run.

The market leader looked to be in command in front rounding the home turn, but his stablemate was back alongside after jumping the second flight from home and the 8-1 chance was six lengths clear at the line.

The winning rider said: "He was a 140-rated hurdler going into this so I was a bit surprised he was discounted in the betting and thought he'd have a good chance.

"He had a nice comeback run in Cork and it is nice to see him in the winner's enclosure again.

"It was getting tactical going down the hill the final time and I was going well and nobody else was going to get involved. I wouldn't discount the second horse (Classic Getaway) yet as it was still a very good run for a horse first time over hurdles. He'll improve plenty from that as well."

He added: "Cash Back has always had the engine, was placed in a Grade One novice chase and had his jumping issues but that was a confidence booster today."

Cash Back is too strong in the Munster Hurdle, forging clear of his previously unbeaten stablemate Classic Getaway to score in the hands of @dan2231 for trainer @WillieMullinsNH ? pic.twitter.com/uUiOF3N3vx

- ClonmelRaces (@ClonmelR) January 6, 2022

Closutton trainer Mullins was completing a double on the card following the taking earlier success of the JP McManus-owned Dinoblue (EvsF) in the Kilsheelan Mares Maiden Hurdle.

The previously-unraced daughter of Doctor Dino could hardly have been more impressive in scoring by 15 lengths in the hands of Mark Walsh.

Mullins also saddled the second and third home in La Prima Donna and Mi Lighthouse respectively.

"She is a lovely mare and did it very easily," Walsh said.

"She was very good and going by the stands Jack Foley's horse (Glenbeg Express) was hanging out and my one wanted to go on.

"She wasn't keen, but she has a long stride and glided along the ground on the back straight. She jumped brilliant and was very professional the whole way.

"The ability is there definitely and I couldn't fault her on anything to be honest."

Cash Back thrived for the return to the smaller obstacles

Document RTEI000020220106ei16000xo




Money,Shopping,B&M,Boxing Day and January sales,Deals and sales,Discounts and voucher codes,Shopping advice
BAG IT UP B&M shopper reveals huge £182 sale haul they got for only £64

Lynsey Barber 
504 words
6 January 2022
10:57 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2022 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

B&M is already known for its everyday bargains but at sale time there are even bigger savings to be had.

One shopper has shared their huge sale haul and a whopping saving of more than £100 on the usual price of their goodies.

Sharing the B&M bargains on the Extreme Couponing and Bargains Facebook group, the shopper said they got more than a dozen homeware items which would usually cost £182.

But the discounts mean she paid just £64 - around a third of what it would cost full price.

The haul included several bedding sets that were only £5 when scanned at the till - a huge saving of £20 from the full price of £25.

She also landed half price items like a rose gold mirror and velvet jewellery box.

A light up alarm clock featuring Disney Frozen characters was reduced from £20 to £6 which is a discount of 70%.

The shopper didn't share the store where she found the bargain buys, but B&M's sale launched it's sale on Christmas Day promising up to 50% off.

The haul attracted positive comments from others, with one saying: "Well done on finding some great bargains."

Some of the items in B&M's sale can be viewed on the shop's website, though availability will depend on the branch you go to.

You can't buy online at B&M only in stores and you can find your nearest using the store finder tool.

There may also be more discounts in stores than B&M's website suggests. For instance we couldn't see the bedding from the shopper's haul online.

B&M bargain hunters often find items scan cheaper at the tills than advertised on price tags along the shopping aisles.

There's even a free app for scanning items you spot on shelves that will tell you if it's cheaper.

End of season sales are often the best time to find the biggest bargains.

Of course you're only getting a bargain if you were planning to buy an item anyway, and you should always check if you can get what you're buying cheaper elsewhere.

Back in September one shopper bagged £180 worth of garden furniture for just £27.

B&M is not the only retailer to launch Boxing Day and January sales and shops like Currys, Next and Boots all have up to 70% off.

A shopping expert has shared how to find the REAL bargains in the January sales.

A B&M super shopper has shared their secrets for getting the best deals - including why you should always shop on a Wednesday.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESCOT020220106ei16002pb




Money
UK annual spending on ethical products surpasses £100bn for first time

Zoe Wood 
504 words
31 December 2021
06:02 PM
The Guardian
GRDN
English
© Copyright 2021.    The Guardian.    All rights reserved. 

Report says climate crisis and Covid have fuelled demand for plant-based foods, secondhand goods and greener gadgets

Britons' annual spending on ethical products and investments has surpassed £100bn for the first time, as lifestyle changes linked to Covid and the climate crisis stoked demand for plant-based foods, secondhand clothes and furniture, and greener gadgets.

The value of the "green" pound surged by nearly a quarter to £122bn in 2020, according to a new Co-op report covering the most recent year for which figures are available. That total was bolstered by £57bn of ethical savings and investments.

Shoppers spent £61bn on ethical products and services, which was nearly 30% more than in 2019. That equates to £2,189 a household, a £489 increase. The equivalent figure for 2010 was £1,028.

The retailer's ethical consumerism report, which is a barometer of the extent to which consumers' shopping habits reflect their concerns about the environment, animal welfare and social justice, also found more shoppers were boycotting brands on ethical or social concerns. These businesses suffered a £3.9bn loss of sales, which was £600m bigger than the previous year.

Steve Murrells, the Co-op's chief executive, said shoppers were "turning up the heat" to get companies to change. The boycotts were a "warning to brands that they must do business in a better way for workers, communities and the planet", he said.

The huge increase in ethical spending also showed that when businesses provide choice, and the government offers helpful incentives, "consumers will respond positively", Murrells added.

The area of the market that saw the biggest increase was eco-travel and transport, where sales rose by more than 70% to £12.2bn. This reflected the rise in electric car ownership as well as the impact of the pandemic, which revived cycling to levels last seen in Britain in the 1960s.

Britons are also trying to make their homes greener by investing in energy-efficient boilers as well as other household appliances or switching to "green" electricity deals. Taken together this market had expanded by a third to be worth £20.5bn.

However, this push fell short of what is needed to hit the government's net zero targets, the Co-op said. For example, while households spent £5bn on energy-efficient gas boilers, just £130m went on heat pumps.

The report also highlighted the growing appetite to buy secondhand goods, be it for financial or environmental reasons. Sales of secondhand clothes increased by nearly a quarter to £864m while spending on "pre-loved" furniture was up by more than £100m at £837m.

In the now £14bn ethical food and drink market the sales trends reflect people making changes to their diet, with demand for vegetarian and plant-based foods up 34% at £1.5bn. Fairtrade and organic food also grew strongly, up 14% and 13% respectively, while free-range egg sales exceeded £1bn for the first time.

Document GRDN000020211231ehcv000um




News
ASIC probing 67 super fund employees for trading deals

Michael Read 
504 words
29 December 2021
The Australian Financial Review
AFNR
First
2
English
Copyright 2021. Fairfax Media Management Pty Limited. 

Exclusive

The corporate regulator is scrutinising investment switches made by 67 super fund workers as it considers whether to take fund employees to court for insider trading.

The Australian Securities and Investments Commission has been investigating whether to take superannuation fund executives to court for moving their personal retirement savings out of unlisted assets before the investments were dramatically valued lower at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic.

ASIC in October revealed it was investigating whether executives across 23 super funds had used their access to price-sensitive valuation information "for personal gain by switching investment options based on their knowledge of the timing of the revaluation of unlisted assets".

Although the behaviour in question does not breach insider trading laws, ASIC has previously said it was "similar to insider trading and may contravene other provisions of the law".

Since unlisted assets are only revalued periodically, a super fund executive could trade on inside information by moving their savings out of an investment option with an allocation to unlisted assets before the fund revalued these investments lower.

In response to a question on notice from Liberal senator Andrew Bragg, ASIC said it had "identified 67 individuals, comprising directors, executives, and related parties who had made a change, including one-off withdrawals or additions, to their investment options between 1 January 2020 to 18 December 2020".

ASIC did not specify exactly how many of the 67 employees switched out of unlisted assets, or how many of the switches occurred at the onset of the pandemic.

The regulator said it reviewed the switches made by the 67 employees and then excluded trades that were not conducted close to a revaluation and switches by individuals who did not have access to sensitive information. It also excluded trades where the individual suffered a financial loss.

ASIC said it then sought additional information about four individuals "to obtain further clarity about both the timing of their trades and their access to sensitive information. Our review of that additional information is ongoing".

Senator Bragg told AFR Weekend the revelations showed there were deep-seated problems in the $3.4 trillion super sector.

"It shows there's a systemic problem of insider trading in super funds and I'll be watching closely what ASIC does next," he said.

"I'm very concerned that ASIC has identified directors because that means that there are people who are potentially working in other organisations ... who are also in the gun here."

Senator Bragg said the government needed to consider options for law reform, including potentially prohibiting employees dealing and investing in their fund either altogether or at certain times.

ASIC's investigation follows an inquiry by Parliament's economics committee last year that found evidence of executives at AustralianSuper, NGS Super, Rest, First State, Hostplus and Intrust Super switching their investment options at the onset of the pandemic.

Liberal MP Tim Wilson, who chaired the committee, raised the transfers with ASIC.

Document AFNR000020211231ehct0000e


Business
Pension funds 'must help create a world people want to retire in'

Lizzie Murphy (lizzie.murphy@jpress.co.uk) 
504 words
29 December 2021
Yorkshire Post
YP
English
(c) 2021 Johnston Publishing Limited 

Pension funds are starting to think they have a duty to look after their members in old age, not just give them a big pot of money, the head of pension investments at one of the UK's biggest funds has said.

Scottish Widows' Maria Nazarova-Doyle said there is little point giving someone a massive payout when they turn 65 if they need to spend it on mitigating the effects of climate change.

Traditionally, pension funds simply focused on getting the highest returns for the lowest levels of risk, she added.

But today "more and more pension schemes are starting to understand that pensions don't exist in isolation", she said.

Read more: COP26: Yorkshire's' council pension pot invested £800m in fossil fuels, despite climate emergency pledge "If you have a large pension pot, but you have to spend it on hazmat suits and flood-proofing your property in retirement - then what's the point of a large pension pot?"

The world needs to be a "place people want to retire in," she said.

The UK has set a target of slashing its emissions to net zero by the middle of the century and pension funds will have to step up to be part of the effort.

Earlier this year, the All Party Parliamentary Group on local authority pension funds said pension funds should engage companies on how to transition to net zero in a fair way.

"Funds should ensure that collaborative engagements on climate change include a just transition as a central theme for discussion," the paper read.

Experts believe that by unlocking the UK's pension funds and putting them towards the net zero transition, it can rapidly encourage companies to change their practices.

There is some evidence this is already happening. Following shareholder pressure, not least from pension funds, oil giants Shell and BP have set out plans to get to net zero by 2050 in the last couple of years.

The power can also lie with the individual. By choosing where to invest their pensions, savers can have a major impact.

One study by Swedish bank Nordea found that moving pension savings into sustainable funds can be much more effective than normal carbon-cutting measures.

Switching your pension is 27 times more effective than shortening your showers by two minutes, taking one less international flight per year, ditching your car and taking the train and only eating one piece of meat a week.

Ms Nazarova-Doyle said there are two ways that the funds can work towards slashing emissions: "On the one hand it's about finance flows: Where do you invest the money, what do you actually support and what do you not support.

"But also it's about stewardship. So, once you have those investments you have voting rights, and you can engage with companies, you can use your shareholder power to engender real change."

Document YP00000020211229ehct000mi




Money,Tips,Debt help,Money saving tips
CASH IN Thousands of households have just TWO WEEKS left to apply for free £50 supermarket voucher - can you claim?

Jessica Clark 
504 words
23 December 2021
10:42 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2021 

THOUSANDS of Brits have just two weeks left to apply for a £50 supermarket voucher to put towards buying food.

It's part of the Household Support Fund to help struggling families pay for essential costs this winter.

The £500million scheme is handed out to different councils across the UK, and they can then decide how to use the funds.

The cash is supposed to support households who are struggling to pay for food or bills.

The support that's available varies between councils, so you'll need to check with your local authority what help is available in the region you live in.

For example, Nottingham City Council is among the councils offering extra support to residents this winter.

You can apply for up to two £50 supermarket vouchers - but the deadline for one of them is this evening.

The other has a deadline of January 4, so there's still time to access help in the New Year.

To apply you should contact the council directly, and you'll need to input some details including your email address and mobile number,

You will also need to provide an address and a council tax reference number.

While this particular offer is only open to residents of Nottingham, The Sun has spotted other local authorities offering free cash and vouchers to help families.

You'll need to contact your own local council to find out what help you might be eligible for.

Each council decides who is eligible and how much to hand out, so you'll need to check what's available in your area - you can find out who yours is via the gov.uk website.

What other help is available?

The Sun has looked into all the assistance on offer from councils up and down the country - you can find out who yours is via the gov.uk website.

Families in North Yorkshire could get a £125 voucher to help pay for food and essentials

Meanwhile, those living in the East Riding of Yorkshire have until Christmas Eve to apply for up to £285 to help pay for household essentials and bills.

Shropshire Council is also giving households £115 in free cash to be put towards food, energy and water bills

If there is not Household Support Fund help available to you in your area, there are other schemes that might be able to help.

The Welfare assistance scheme can get up to £1,000 in free cash and vouchers for food, furniture and bills.

You might be able to get your council tax bill reduced if you are struggling to pay.

And if you're struggling to pay rent, you could apply for a discretionary housing payment.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020211223ehcn0030k




Human Interest Appoints Abhi Mishra as Chief Technology Officer

504 words
15 December 2021
01:00 AM
GlobeNewswire
PZON
English
© Copyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Human Interest Appoints Abhi Mishra as Chief Technology Officer

Former Amazon executive will help modern 401(k) provider expand retirement plan access to millions of Americans

SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 14, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- On a mission to close the nation's retirement gap, fast-growing SMB 401(k) provider Human Interest today announced it has appointed Abhi Mishra as chief technology officer (CTO).

Mishra joins Human Interest from Amazon, where his organization built personalized shopping experiences for Amazon's ecommerce customers. He also previously served as a General Manager in AWS, Amazon's cloud division. Mishra has significant experience growing both early-stage products and multi-billion dollar businesses, and will apply his expertise in building world-class customer experiences and highly scalable infrastructure to expand Human Interest's platform. He will lead both product and engineering functions and will be focused on significantly expanding both following Human Interest's Series D funding round in August 2021.

"The retirement industry has been technologically underserved to date," said Mishra. "Joining Human Interest is an incredible opportunity to build the first technology-powered retirement infrastructure, invent unique products that change the way people think about retirement planning, and make a crucial difference in the lives of millions of Americans."

"We're building a national retirement infrastructure to support the almost 100 million Americans who have insufficient long-term savings.(1) To do this, we plan to dramatically scale our platform, integrate with hundreds of additional partners, and hire thousands of additional engineers and product managers in the coming years," said Jeff Schneble, CEO of Human Interest. "This requires a technology leader of Abhi's caliber, with the right combination of expertise and passion for our mission. We are thrilled to have Abhi join our executive team."

About Human Interest

Human Interest is an affordable, full-service 401(k) provider that makes it easy for small and medium-sized businesses to help their employees save for retirement. Founded in 2015 and headquartered in San Francisco, Human Interest helps employees in all lines of work access retirement benefits and a path to financial independence. For more information please visit humaninterest.com or follow us on LinkedIn.

Investment Advisory services are offered by Human Interest Advisors, a subsidiary of Human Interest Inc. Human Interest Advisors is a registered investment advisor with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). SEC registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investing involves risk. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicative of future returns. The value of your investment will fluctuate, and investors may earn or lose money. Additional information can be found in the company's Form ADV Part 2A.

Media Contact

Heather McElrath

Firebrand Communications

704.472.2625

humaninterest@firebrand.marketing

(1) 77% of Americans will not have sufficient retirement savings according to the National Institute on Retirement Security (2018). 77% of the 160M people in the U.S. workforce, Bureau of Labor Statistics (2021) is 123M.

(END)

Document PZON000020211214ehce0008d




MIL-OSI USA: Attorney General Bonta: Fiduciaries of Employee Retirement Plans Should Be Allowed to Consider Climate Change, Other ESG Factors in Investment Decisions

504 words
14 December 2021
ForeignAffairs.co.nz
PARALL
English
Copyright 2021.    Multimedia Investments Ltd.    All rights reserved. 

Source: US State of California

Monday, December 13, 2021

Contact: (916) 210-6000, agpressoffice@doj.ca.gov

OAKLAND - California Attorney General Rob Bonta today, leading a multistate coalition, urged the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) to finalize rules clarifying that fiduciaries of private-sector employee retirement plans, such as 401(k) plans, can consider environmental, social, and governance (ESG) factors when making investment decisions. Fiduciaries - including investment managers - are legally mandated to make decisions in the best interest of the people whose money they manage, in this case the millions of employees who put some of their income each month into an employer-sponsored retirement plan. By allowing fiduciaries to consider ESG factors, particularly the costs and impacts of climate change, fiduciaries can make investment decisions that better address the long-term investment horizons of the employees they represent.

"When you put part of your paycheck into a 401(k) or another retirement account, you're planning for the future. Those making decisions with your money should be able to do the same," said Attorney General Bonta. "The fact is: The costs of climate change are only going to rise. Whether you're a major corporation or an individual investor, that's a reality you can't deny. We've urged the SEC to require corporations to disclose their risks to climate change, and now, we're urging DOL to empower those managing everyday Americans' retirement savings to make decisions with those risks in mind."

For many Californians who work in the private sector, employee benefit plans such as 401(k)s make up the bulk of their retirement savings. Under the Employment Retirement Income Security Act, DOL is responsible for overseeing these plans and sets standards for fiduciaries to ensure they are acting in the best interest of those they represent. DOL's proposed rule would strengthen fiduciaries' ability to meet this responsibility by clarifying that ESG factors often are material factors that should be considered in investment decisions.

From rising temperatures to more frequent and severe weather events, climate change is already damaging infrastructure, disrupting businesses, and threatening public health in the United States and around the globe. In June, Attorney General Bonta led a coalition in urging the Securities and Exchange Commission to require U.S. companies to provide detailed and accurate information about the financial risk they face from climate change. In today's comments, Attorney General Bonta and 11 other attorneys general again underscore the need to protect ordinary investors from the financial risks of climate change as its threat to various industries and corporations grows increasingly apparent.

Attorney General Bonta is joined in filing today's comment by the attorneys general of Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, and Vermont.

A copy of the letter can be found here.

# # #

MIL OSI USA News -

Document PARALL0020211213ehce001h6


ROP
Where should I invest my inheritance?

504 words
10 December 2021
Lowestoft Journal
LOWJOU
English
Copyright 2021. Archant Regional Limited. 

I inherited a significant amount this year, and my bank savings account now has £150,000 in it. I usually keep about £20,000 in easily accessible money for emergencies but would like to invest the remaining £130,000. Should I invest it in my pension, in a separate investment portfolio or a stocks & shares ISA?

Richard Barker of Smith & Pinching responds:

The answer to your question will depend on your overall financial plan, including your objectives for your retirement and your likely other needs between now and then. It's really important to see each financial decision as part of an overall strategy.

I suggest you meet with an independent financial adviser, ideally from a firm of chartered financial planners, to analyse everything about your financial circumstances and your situation. A financial adviser will help you identify your targets and set you on track to achieving them.

Your question asks about the merits of investing in a pension, as opposed to doing so in an investment portfolio or stocks & shares ISA. It's important to realise that pensions and stocks & shares ISAs are actually tax wrappers containing investments. They all have their place in financial planning, but the difference lies in their tax treatment.

With pensions, your contributions are invested with a view to achieving investment growth. The advantages of pensions are the tax relief given on your contributions, adding immediate value, and the fund grows tax-free. The principal drawback is that money invested in a pension fund is locked away until you reach the minimum retirement age - currently age 55 but rising to age 57 in 2028.

Pension contributions are subject to two limits: the annual allowance restricts how much you can contribute in the tax year and the lifetime allowance limits how much you can have without a charge being applied when you take your benefits. These rules are complex, so advice is vital.

Stocks & shares ISAs provide tax-efficient investment growth, with no tax payable on gains made within the ISA or income paid from it. However, the annual ISA allowance is £20,000 so you wouldn't be able to invest your whole inheritance in an ISA in a single tax year. Unused ISA allowances can't be carried forward.

Investing outside either a pension or ISA framework can also be tax-efficient, with dividend allowances and capital gains tax allowances available for use, as well as certain higher-risk investments such as venture capital trusts and enterprise investment schemes, which have special tax treatment. The key is to plan carefully to take advantage of the allowances that are available to you.

Any opinions expressed in this article do not constitute advice. The value of an investment and the income from it could go down as well as up. The return at the end of the investment period is not guaranteed and you may get back less than you originally invested.

For more information, please visit www.smith-pinching.co.uk

Document LOWJOU0020211210ehca0000d




GAPP Confirms Plans For ESG Framework

Guernsey Finance 
504 words
6 December 2021
Mondaq Business Briefing
BBPUB
English
(c) 2021 Mondaq Ltd 

The Guernsey Association of Pension Providers (GAPP) is continuing its leadership in the international retirement and saving plans space by announcing plans to work on an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) framework for its members.

GAPP President Stephen Ainsworth said the move was in response to indications that more members would welcome guidance on the growing emphasis on ESG issues for pension plans.

Although there is no fixed timescale for its release, as GAPP wants to ensure enough time is spent getting the framework right, there is a hope that it can be published around mid-2022.

"Pension plan members are starting to question how their pension assets are being invested and are demanding ESG-friendly options," Stephen said. "As a result, the GAPP Committee decided to create a specialist ESG committee to research the issues. We rapidly concluded that the guidance should be within an overarching framework, and so we needed to start with that."

"Guernsey has for many years been the leading location for international retirement and savings plans and has provided thought leadership in the international pensions space. The ESG Framework is just the latest aspect in this ongoing development."

It is anticipated that the framework will adopt a similar structure to that of the  Guernsey International Insurance Association's (GIIA) framework, launched at WE ARE GUERNSEY's Sustainable Finance Week in June 2021, including sections on governance, benefit provision, investments and reporting.

"We were aware of the insurance framework developed by GIIA, and the positive reaction that there had been to its publication," Stephen said. "Because of the many similarities between insurance business and pensions business, this seemed like a good place to start.

"When we looked at the GIIA framework in detail we felt that several of the concepts were equally as valid for pensions as insurance. We have met with GIIA and have been encouraged by their reaction when they learned that we might develop a parallel framework for pensions."

Stephen said there were plenty of ways that pensions, or pension providers, could adhere more to ESG issues.

"There are very substantial assets invested in Guernsey-based pension plans," he elaborated. "Investing these assets responsibly and sustainably can make a significant contribution to improving the environment.

"Indeed, generally speaking, a pension plan member can make a much greater contribution to combatting climate change by investing their pension assets responsibly than by ceasing air travel or adopting a vegan diet!"

For more information about Guernsey's finance industry please visit www.weareguernsey.com.

The content of this article is intended to provide a general guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought about your specific circumstances.

Guernsey Finance

GuernseyFinance

PO Box 655

Somers House, Rue Du Pre,

St Peter Port

GY1 3PN

GUERNSEY

Tel: (0)1481720071

Fax: (0)1481720091

E-mail: Rosie@weaerguernsey.com

URL: www.weareguernsey.com

Click Here for related articles

(c) Mondaq Ltd, 2021 - Tel. +44 (0)20 8544 8300 - http://www.mondaq.com

Document BBPUB00020211212ehc60002u




3,BUS
3 times you'll need money advice from an actual person

By LIZ WESTON; NerdWallet 
504 words
26 November 2021
Daily Herald
DHLD
1
English
Copyright 2021 Daily Herald 

You can now manage most aspects of your money without ever consulting another human being. You can budget, borrow, save, invest, buy insurance, prepare your tax return and create a will by using apps, websites and software. But technology still has limitations. Consider consulting a human expert in the following situations:

1. Your insurance is canceled

Insurers typically can't cancel a policy after 60 days unless you fail to pay premiums, commit fraud or make serious misrepresentations on your application, according to the Insurance Information Institute, a trade group. But they can decide not to renew your policy when it expires.

With auto insurance, you often have many options after such a non-renewal. Even if you've had accidents or multiple claims, you can find coverage with firms that specialize in higher-risk drivers.

If a homeowners insurance company dumps you, however, you may have trouble finding coverage. That's especially true if you were dropped because you made too many claims, or your area is considered high risk because of wildfires, extreme weather or crime, for example.

How would other companies know? Insurers share such information in databases, and application forms typically ask if you've been "non-renewed" by another insurer.

The nonprofit organization United Policyholders recommends seeking out an independent agent or broker who has relationships with several insurance companies. The agent or broker should know which insurers may be more receptive to your application and can put in a good word for you. While most underwriting decisions are made by computers, there are still ways for human beings to override the algorithms.

2. You're being audited

Most IRS audits are conducted through the mail and are relatively routine. The IRS sends a letter requesting additional documentation to support a deduction or other tax break you've taken. If you mail back sufficient evidence, your case will be closed with no taxes owed. Otherwise, the IRS will mail you a bill.

However, if the IRS wants to meet with you, the stakes get much higher. In fiscal year 2020, the average amount of additional taxes recommended in face-to-face audits was nearly 10 times larger than the average for a correspondence audit: $72,210 versus $7,658, according to IRS statistics.

It's all too easy to say something you shouldn't when you're under scrutiny. You could volunteer information that might not be helpful to your case, or get defensive or confrontational.

3. You're estate-planning

Getting help with this is particularly important if you want to do something complicated with your estate like putting conditions on a bequest, providing for someone with special needs or creating a trust. You'll also want an attorney's help if you have a lot of debt, because there may be ways to protect your assets from creditors. Finally, consult an attorney if you think someone might contest your will.

Document DHLD000020211128ehbq0001y




NordVPN Black Friday & Cyber Monday Deals 2021: Fast VPN, NordPass & NordLocker Savings Published by Retail Fuse

504 words
26 November 2021
02:50 PM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2021    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

Black Friday & Cyber Monday NordVPN deals for 2021 are underway, explore all the best Black Friday & Cyber Monday NordVPN deals below 


BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 25, 2021-- 

Black Friday & Cyber Monday experts have summarized the top NordVPN deals for Black Friday & Cyber Monday 2021, including all the best discounts on fast VPN annual plans, NordLocker, NordPass and more. View the best deals in the list below.

Best NordVPN Deals: 


   -- Save up to 72% on NordVPN's VPN plans at NordVPN.com - get a 2-year VPN 
      plan from NordVPN for only $3.29 per month 
 
   -- Save up to 58% on NordVPN's 1-year plans at NordVPN.com - with access to 
      5000+ ultra-fast VPN servers worldwide & no-logs policy for security & 
      privacy 
 
   -- Save up to 72% on NordLocker & NordVPN VPN plans at NordVPN.com - add 
      NordLocker's 10GB secure cloud hosting with NordVPN VPN plans for extra 
      savings 
 
   -- Save up to 72% on NordPass & VPN plans at NordVPN.com - bundle NordVPN 
      VPN plans with the NordPass encrypted password manager to enjoy the 
      discount 

Best VPN Deals: 


   -- Save up to 72% off on NordVPN's VPN plans at NordVPN.com - get NordVPN's 
      plan for only $3.29 a month or $79 for the first 2 years 
 
   -- Save up to 58% on NordVPN's 1-year plans at NordVPN.com - with access to 
      5000+ ultra-fast VPN servers worldwide & no-logs policy for security & 
      privacy 
 
   -- Save up to 83% on Surfshark's 24-month VPN plan at Surfshark.com - get 
      VPN plans from Surfshark for $2.21 per month for the first two years 
 
   -- Save up to 90% on Ivacy VPN's ultra-fast VPN at Ivacy.com - comes with 
      free 2TB of cloud storage & password manager 
 
   -- Save up to 73% on IPVanish plans at IPVanish.com - check the latest deals 
      on VPN protection from IPVanish, including 2-year plans for only 3.96 per 
      month 
 
   -- Save up to 83% on CyberGhost VPN plans at CyberGhostVPN.com - 1-month, 
      6-month & 2-year VPN plans include over 7,400 VPN servers, connection for 
      up to 7 devices & 24/7 live support 
 
   -- Save up to 50% on the ProtonVPN premium plan at ProtonVPN.com - features 
      10 Gbps server network & VPN accelerator technologies that provides 400% 
      faster speeds 
 
   -- Save on TunnelBear VPN at TunnelBear.com - get unlimited secure browsing 
      for as low as $3.33 per month 

Want some more deals? We recommend checking Walmart's Black Friday & Cyber Monday deals and Amazon's Black Friday & Cyber Monday page for more active discounts at the moment. Retail Fuse earns commissions from purchases made using the links provided.

About Retail Fuse: Retail Fuse reports the latest retail news. As an Amazon Associate and affiliate Retail Fuse earns from qualifying purchases.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211125005603/en/


 
    CONTACT: 

Andy Mathews (andy@nicelynetwork.com) 


 
    SOURCE: Retail Fuse 
Copyright Business Wire 2021 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020211126ehbq0002w




Ninja Air Fryer Oven Black Friday Deals 2021 Monitored by Save Bubble

504 words
26 November 2021
01:10 PM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2021    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

Save on Ninja air fryer oven deals at the Black Friday 2021 sale, together with best-selling air fryer deals 


BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 25, 2021-- 

Black Friday Ninja air fryer deals are underway. Review the best savings on Ninja Foodi Air Fryer Oven. Links to the best deals are listed below.

Best Ninja air fryer (oven) deals: 


   -- Save up to 56% on Ninja Foodi air fryers & multi use home food cookers at 
      Walmart - save on the latest Ninja Foodi multi use air fryers, convection 
      ovens & pressure cookers 
 
   -- Save up to 35% on various Ninja Foodi air fryers at Amazon.com - check 
      the latest deals on Ninja Foodi 5-in-1, 6-in-1, and digital air fryers 
      that can also grill, crisp, and dehydrate 
 
   -- Save up to 25% on Ninja air fryers at Wayfair - shop the latest savings 
      on Shark 10 Ninja Foodi two-basket air fryer with Dualzone technology 
 
   -- Save up to $45 on Ninja air fryers at NinjaKitchen.com - check the latest 
      deals on advanced air fryers at Ninja's online store 
 
   -- Save up to 43% off on air fryers and air fry ovens from Ninja Foodi at 
      Target - check the latest savings on top-rated air fryers and air fryer 
      oven combos from the Ninja Foodi series 
 
   -- Save up to $59 on Ninja Foodi air fryer ovens at Walmart - includes deals 
      on the Ninja Foodi Digital Air Fry Oven and the 8-in-1 XL Pro Air Fry 
      Oven 
 
   -- Save up to 28% on a wide range of Ninja air fryers at Amazon.com - click 
      the link to see the latest prices on Ninja Foodi air fryers in all sizes 

Best Ninja Deals: 


   -- Save up to 35% off on Ninja pressure cookers, blenders, coffee makers & 
      kitchen systems at Walmart - check the latest deals on best-selling Ninja 
      kitchen appliances like the Ninja Foodi multi-cooker 
 
   -- Save up to 34% on Ninja kitchen appliances at Amazon.com - save on a wide 
      range of Ninja blenders, kitchen systems, coffee bar systems, Foodi 
      cookers, air fryers & more 
 
   -- Save up to 41% on Ninja kitchen appliances and cookware at Wayfair - find 
      new deals on Ninja air fryers, multi cookers blenders, juicers, coffee 
      makers, cookware sets, and more 
 
   -- Save up to $150 on Ninja indoor grills, cookers, blenders & more at 
      NinjaKitchen.com - check the latest savings on cookware, coffee makers, 
      ovens and more available in Ninja's online store 

Looking for more deals? Click here to see the entire range of deals at Walmart's Black Friday sale and click here to browse Amazon's latest Black Friday deals. Save Bubble earns commissions from purchases made using the links provided.

About Save Bubble: Save Bubble round-up the latest online sales news. As an Amazon Associate and affiliate Save Bubble earns from qualifying purchases.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211125005549/en/


 
    CONTACT: 

Andy Mathews (andy@nicelynetwork.com) 


 
    SOURCE: Save Bubble 
Copyright Business Wire 2021 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020211126ehbq0001o




Money,News Money,UK interest rates and inflation
GOING UP State pension rise confirmed with £290 a year extra as it goes up to almost £142 a week

Lucy Alderson 
504 words
26 November 2021
12:53 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2021 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

STATE pension payments will rise by £290 extra a year next April, it has been confirmed.

The payments will rise in line with inflation to almost £142 a week.

The inflation rate is usually used to work out how much the state pension will rise by, but the increase is not as much as many were hoping.

The state pension rises each year, and in 2022 it will go up by 3.1% based on the rate of inflation last month.

That means pensioners are set to receive a boost of a little more than £5.50 a week - around the cost of a bottle of supermarket wine - to their weekly incomes from next April.

Broken down, the basic state pension will go from £137.60 per week to £141.85 per week.

While the flat-rate state pension will rise from £179.60 per week to £185.15 per week.

Over a year that's £9,628, up from £9,339 - an extra £290.

However, it could have gone up by even more than this had the government not suspended the triple lock.

The triple lock is a calculation used to determine how much the state pension rises by each year.

It guaranteed that the state pension rises by whichever is the highest out of inflation, 2.5% or wage increases.

But the lock was scrapped as wages have been artificially inflated as millions have gone back to work since the end of lockdown.

That's bad news for pensioners, who would've seen a much greater increase in their weekly income if state pension had increased in line with wages.

Many will have been hoping for more, particularly as inflation is forecast to reach 5% next year and a cost of living crunch is starting to bite.

But the exact rate, and triple lock changes, are still subject to government approval.

Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, previously told The Sun: "The good news for retirees is the state pension is set to increase by 3.1% next year, boosting the incomes of those in receipt of the full flat-rate benefit by £5.55 a week.

"The basic state pension, meanwhile, is set to rise by £4.25 to £141.85 per week.

"However, the Government's decision to suspend the earnings element of the state pension triple-lock means retirees will miss out on a blockbuster 8.3% increase.

"This decision will 'cost' someone in receipt of the full flat-rate state pension £9.35 a week in retirement income - or £486.20 over the course of the year."

All other benefits will rise in line with inflation at 3.1% as well.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESCOT020211125ehbp0035y




Money
'Russian Lidl' Mere delays opening more stores over supply chain problems

By, Sam Barker 
504 words
25 November 2021
04:19 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2021 Mirror Group Ltd 

A supermarket that wants to be the cheapest in the UK says it is struggling to recruit or give customers the range of stock they expect -but that next year will be different

Super-cheap discount supermarket Mere says its UK expansion plans are being slowed down by supply chain problems and recruitment issues.

Mere, also known as 'Russian Lidl', opened its first store in Preston in August this year .

Its business model is based on being the cheapest, with goods stacked on pallets on the floor for customers to pick up as they shop.

Mere originally planned to open more than 300 stores in the UK over the next eight to ten years.

But now it's plans are being held up, according to The Grocer .

The firm will now not open its second and third UK stores until next year, having originally planned to open them this year.

Mere UK business development manager Aleksandr Chkalov told The Grocer that it was "not an easy time to provide everything" shoppers need.

"It's not really working with suppliers right now, with all their problems with transport, drivers and fuel," he said. "I have to provide more meals, more meat products."

But hiring the right staff is also an issue, he said.

"The most important thing is the right team and recruitment is the hardest task, not only in the UK but all countries," Chkalov said.

What do you think of Mere Let us now in the comments below

"We have tried hiring people with lots of experience at other retailers and it's a problem. With their knowledge, it's difficult to understand our format, to believe it's real."

But next year would be different, he said.

"We're going in the right direction," Chkalov added. "In the first half of next year there will be big changes for our customers."

As well as opening in Preston, a further three Mere outlets were planned this year -including two in Wales, in Mold and Caldicot, and another in Castleford in the north of England.

Mere has been approached for comment.

Everything in Mere is geared around keeping costs down.

Suppliers deliver straight to the shops, cutting down costs on having to store items elsewhere. Each store in the UK will have just eight staff.

Goods are stacked on pallets on the floor, with shoppers helping themselves to what they want.

The downside is this adds a bit longer to your shopping trip. In a normal supermarket, with everything unpacked on shelves it is easy to see what you're looking for.

In Mere, you have to get right up close to many pallets to see what they contain.

The new supermarket has managed to meet its promise to be super-cheap.

For example, a 400g packet of dried pasta costs just 23p at Mere. The same thing costs 29p at Aldi, and between 45-50p in most other supermarkets.

Document MIRUK00020211124ehbo005sf




Black Friday Sony Headphones Deals 2021: WH-1000XM4, WH-1000XM3 & More Sony Headphones Savings Found by Spending Lab

504 words
24 November 2021
03:55 PM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2021    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

Save on a selection of Sony noise cancelling headphones deals at the Black Friday 2021 sale, featuring all the top wireless headphones discounts 


BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 23, 2021-- 

Black Friday Sony headphones deals for 2021 are live. Compare the latest offers on the Sony WH-1000XM3, WH-1000XM4 and more. Access the best deals in the list below.

Best Sony headphones deals: 


   -- Save up to 34% on top-rated Sony wireless & wired headphones at Walmart - 
      check the latest deals on a wide range of Sony headphones, including 
      noise cancelling headphones, studio monitor headphones & more 
 
   -- Save up to 37% on Sony noise-canceling headphones at Walmart - click the 
      link for live prices on top-rated Sony WH-1000XM3 Bluetooth over-ear 
      headphones 
 
   -- Save up to $30 on Sony headphones such as the Sony WH-1000XM3 & 
      WH-1000XM4 at Amazon.com 
 
   -- Save up to $45 on Sony headphones at B&HPhotoVideo.com - check the latest 
      deals on Sony WH-1000XM4, Sony WH-1000XM3 & other wireless 
      noise-canceling headphones 
 
   -- Save up to 26% on Sony WH-1000XM4 wireless noise-cancelling over-ear 
      headphones at Amazon.com 
 
   -- Save up to 23% on Sony WH-1000XM3 headphones at Amazon.com - boasts 
      topnotch active noise-canceling and up to 30 hours of playback 
 
   -- Save up to 60% off on headphones & wireless earbuds from top brands at 
      Walmart - check the latest prices on Bose, Beats, JBL, Sony & more 
      headphones 
 
   -- Save up to 50% on headphones from Sony, Apple, Bose, Anker & more top 
      brands at Amazon.com - check the latest deals on a wide range of 
      best-selling wireless headphones & earbuds 
 
   -- Save up to 57% on JBL headphones & wireless earbuds at JBL.com 
 
   -- Save up to $100 on Bose noise canceling headphones & earbuds at Bose.com 
      - get the latest deals on best-selling Bose headphones & earbuds 
 
   -- Save up to $100 on a wide selection of wireless & wired headphones at 
      B&HPhotoVideo.com - includes deals on cables & adapters, ear tips & 
      cushions & other accessories 

Looking for more deals? Check out Walmart's Black Friday sale and Amazon's Black Friday page to compare thousands more savings at the moment. Spending Lab earns commissions from purchases made using the links provided.

When the Sony WH-1000XM3 launched, they immediately shot up to the top as the best wireless noise cancelling headphones, along with ANC headphones offerings from Bose. The Sony WH-1000XM4 headphones aim to replicate that success by offering several improvements and features. Some of the notable features of the Sony WH-1000XM4 are their wearing detection, smart listening, adaptive sound control and DSEE or digital sound enhancement engine with Edge-AI.

About Spending Lab: Spending Lab research and report on online sales events. As an Amazon Associate and affiliate Spending Lab earns from qualifying purchases.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211123005408/en/


 
    CONTACT: 

Andy Mathews (andy@nicelynetwork.com) 


 
    SOURCE: Spending Lab 
Copyright Business Wire 2021 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020211124ehbo0001z




GreenPromoCode.com Offers Best Black Friday Coupons, Deals, and Discounts

504 words
22 November 2021
M2 Presswire
MTPW
English
© 2021, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

The Black Friday extravaganza is still a few days away, but retailers have already started promoting their discounts on products. However, this year the deals may not be as high as we enjoyed in the past, owing to the supply chain problems and inflation triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic. Buyers, however, do not need to worry because GreenPromoCode.com offers the best Black Friday Promo Codes, Black Friday Coupons, and Black Friday Deals this year.

Things that could be hard to find

Owing to supply chain delays, the retailers are having a hard time filling their shelves. While American President Biden assured that Walmart and Target have geared up to stock most of the products like toys, food etc., there will still be some items that would not be easy to find.

For instance, buyers might have a hard time finding the gaming consoles they like most. We saw last year, the manufacturers couldn't meet demand and this year will not be any different. The price of gaming consoles again will be high this year.

However, you may be able to get Black Friday discounts from GreenPromoCode.com.

Best Black Friday discounts

Gladly, the best Black Friday deals will be available on toys and computers this year, as stated by Adobe Digital Insights. The software firm says that they are expecting a 5 percent reduction in the price of computers and 3 percent for toys compared to last year.

Retailers are in a hurry to offload last year's toys to load up the new stuff if they get them on time. That said, shoppers could face a tough time finding the latest toys for Christmas, again due to the Covid-19 pandemic that hit the supply chain in all countries.

The positive aspect is the items that retailers have ordered and couldn't received yet. If they reach them after the holiday season, purchasers could have them at discounted prices.

Avail more discounts on toys and gadgets through GreenPromoCode's Black Friday coupons.

Retailers offering more deals

Many giant retailers have already started offering discounts on an array of products they present. Purchasers may like to shop early this year to avoid the stock issues, though retailers have assured quick restocking.

You may want to keep the receipts and check return policies for the time prices fall afterward. Best Buy and Target are offering price guarantees for initial customers, but terms apply.

No matter where you want to buy from - Amazon, Best Buy, Target or Walmart - get Black Friday coupon codes from GreenPromoCode.com

Media Contact

Company Name: GreenPromoCode

Contact Person: Ben Smith

Email: support@greenpromocode.com

Country: United States

Website: https://www.greenpromocode.com

Source: www.abnewswire.com

((M2 Communications disclaims all liability for information provided within M2 PressWIRE. Data supplied by named party/parties. Further information on M2 PressWIRE can be obtained at http://www.m2.com on the world wide web. Inquiries to info@m2.com)).

Document MTPW000020211122ehbm003ee




Money
Thousands more drivers to be hit with £200 fines in mobile phone crackdown

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
19 November 2021
09:32 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2021 Mirror Group Ltd 

From 2022, laws will go further to ban drivers from using their mobile phones to take photos or videos, scroll through playlists or play games, in addition to making a call or sending a text

Tougher new laws will come into force in a further crackdown on using a mobile phone behind the wheel from next year.

It is already illegal to text or make a phone call, other than in an emergency, using a hand-held device while driving.

From 2022, laws will go further to ban drivers from using their phones to take photos or videos, scroll through playlists or play games.

This will mean anyone caught using their hand-held device while driving will face a £200 fixed penalty notice and six points on their licence.

Drivers will still be able to continue using a device 'hands-free' while driving, such as a sat-nav, if it's secured in a cradle.

They must, however, always take responsibility for their driving and can be charged with an offence if the police find them not to be in proper control of their vehicle.

Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: "Too many deaths and injuries occur while mobile phones are being held.

"By making it easier to prosecute people illegally using their phone at the wheel, we are ensuring the law is brought into the 21st century while further protecting all road users."

Following the public consultation, the government will revise The Highway Code to explain the new measures.

It will also be more precise about the fact that being stationary in traffic counts as driving, making it clear that hand-held mobile phone use at traffic lights or in motorway jams is illegal except in very limited circumstances.

There will be an exemption to the new law for drivers making a contactless payment using their mobile phone while stationary to ensure the law keeps pace with technology.

This exemption will cover, for example, places like a drive-through restaurant or a road toll, and will only apply when payment is being made with a card reader. It will not allow motorists to make general online payments while driving.

Mary Williams OBE, chief executive of Brake - the road safety charity, said: "Driver distraction can be deadly and using a hand-held phone at the wheel is never worth the risk. This important road safety decision by government, coinciding with Road Safety Week, is very welcomed.

"This news is particularly welcomed by families suffering bereavement and catastrophic injury due to drivers being distracted by phones. The theme for Road Safety Week is road safety heroes - we can all be road safety heroes by giving driving our full attention."

The Department for Transport has also today published a study by Ipsos Mori about drivers who use mobile phones while driving.

Among other findings, the research reveals younger motorists are more likely to use a handheld device at the wheel.

Document MIRUK00020211119ehbj001gt




In Post-GameStop Reform Push, SEC Seeks More Disclosure of Stock Lending

By Alexander Osipovich 
504 words
19 November 2021
02:00 PM
Dow Jones Newswires Chinese (English)
RTNW
English
Copyright © 2021, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission is moving to bring greater transparency to the securities-lending market, where short-selling hedge funds borrow shares to bet against companies' stocks.

A new rule proposed by the SEC on Thursday would require firms that lend securities to report data on each loan to an oversight body such as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority within 15 minutes of making the loan. Data on the loans would be made public.

In short selling, a trader who wants to bet against a company borrows shares of its stock, then sells them and buys them back later. That can allow them to profit if the stock's price declines in the meantime. Lenders of the shares can be brokerages or asset managers, which lend securities as an additional source of revenue.

There is currently little public information about volumes and rates in the securities lending market, though private vendors collect and sell some lending data.

Potentially, a rise in demand for borrowing a particular stock could indicate that short sellers are increasingly interested in betting against that stock.

Georgetown University finance professor James Angel said the SEC's proposal still wouldn't provide real-time insights into the actions of short sellers. That's because there is typically a delay of two business days between when short sellers place their bets against companies and when the brokerages serving those short sellers need to borrow shares to underpin those bets, according to Mr. Angel.

Still, he said the SEC's proposal could benefit investors by allowing the firms that manage their savings, such as pension funds or exchange-traded funds, to earn more money when lending securities.

"This is long overdue," he said. "This is a great step towards transparency and equality in the stock-loan market."

Congress ordered the SEC to increase disclosures of securities lending in the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial overhaul law. The agency didn't act until this year's meme-stock frenzy brought fresh scrutiny of short selling. Individual investors banded together on social media to pump up stocks like GameStop that had attracted heavy interest from short sellers.

The Wall Street Journal reported in February that the SEC was considering such a step, following the trading frenzy in GameStop Corp. and other so-called meme stocks.

In a statement, SEC Chairman Gary Gensler said the agency's five commissioners -- which include three Democrats and two Republicans -- had unanimously agreed to release the proposal for public comment. The rule must still be finalized by the SEC, after the regulator reviews feedback from Wall Street and members of the public.

"In today's fast-moving financial markets, it's important that market participants have access to fair, accurate, and timely information," Mr. Gensler said. "I believe this proposal would bring securities lending out of the dark."

Write to Alexander Osipovich at alexander.osipovich@dowjones.com

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

19-11-21 0300GMT

Document RTNW000020211119ehbj0002e




Money
Lidl becomes UK's best paying supermarket with new pay rate of £10.10 an hour

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
17 November 2021
09:59 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2021 Mirror Group Ltd 

Longer-serving staff will see their pay rates rise to £11.40 and £12.25 outside and inside London respectively, depending on length of service, while all other basic-rate workers will see their pay jump to £10.10

Discount grocer Lidl has increased the rates of pay for new shop floor workers to more than £10 an hour.

Bosses said entry-level wages will rise from £9.50 to £10.10 an hour outside London and from £10.85 to £11.30 in the capital from March next year.

Longer-serving staff will see their pay rates also rise to £11.40 and £12.25 outside and inside London respectively, depending on length of service.

The announcement represents a pay rise of more than six per cent for some of the 21,000 Lidl staff members set to receive a hike.

Staff members over the age of 23 will benefit from 60p per hour more than the National Living Wage.

The supermarket claimed it means Lidl is now the highest-paying grocer in the country, adding that this was in recognition of the hard work of staff during the pandemic.

Bosses said the extra £18million spend by the business on the new wages equates to £50million invested in hourly wage increases over the past five years.

It follows a £200 bonus to all frontline workers this year, alongside £150 gift vouchers for all staff in 2020 during the pandemic.

"At Lidl, our frontline colleagues are the backbone of our business," Lidl chief executive, Christian Härtnagel said.

"They have worked tirelessly over the past 18 months of the Covid-19 crisis and are integral to our future success.

"We have ambitious plans to grow our business across Great Britain, and to do that we need to ensure we attract and look after the best talent at every level of our business.

"This year we feel incredibly lucky to be in a position as a business to go even further by making this significant investment in our incredible workforce, which will make us the best paying supermarket in the UK."

In June, Lidl announced Lidl to open 50 new stores this year creating 2,000 jobs -see full list  as part of an expansion drive that would also pave the way for 2,000 extra jobs.

The German discounter announced the openings as part of a pledge to reach 1,000 stores by 2022.

It said £1.3bn will be invested into the project, which includes opening 50 new stores over the next 12 months.

All new stores will also feature solar panels and electric vehicle charging points, a spokesman added.

The grocer's 'wish list' of areas features over 1,000 towns where it is hoping to secure rent deals with landlords.

However, the primary focus for the first 50 openings is town centres, edge of city centres, retail parks and metropolitan locations, Lidl said.

Document MIRUK00020211117ehbh0025x




Money
Barclays customers told they've missed mortgage payments despite paying in full

By, Levi Winchester 
504 words
17 November 2021
04:18 AM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2021 Mirror Group Ltd 

Barclays customers are furious after they were wrongly recorded as having missed mortgage payments. A bad mark on your credit file can last six years and makes it harder to take out a loan, credit card or switch your mortgage

Barclays customers say they've been incorrectly marked down as having missed mortgage payments -despite paying in full.

Some people have claimed this happened to them despite having a payment holiday in place with the bank.

And in some cases, customers have complained that the marks on their credit file haven't been removed.

A bad mark on your credit file can last six years and makes it harder to take out a loan, credit card or switch your mortgage.

JN, from Edinburgh, found Barclays had posted three missed payments on his Experian account over the last six years, despite him never have been late paying.

He said he only discovered the black marks after checking his credit file online.

Are you a Barclays customer who has experienced a similar problem Let us know: levi.winchester@reachplc.com

They told The Guardian, which first uncovered the errors: "What I find most extraordinary is that at no stage did Barclays write to me or contact me about this."

Another customer, GW from Surrey, said a black mark was reported on their file despite agreeing a six month payment holiday during the coronavirus pandemic.

Since then, he says he has resumed his monthly payments and has been overpaying to make up for the holiday -but 13 missed payments have been registered on his credit file.

Barclays disputes this and says only three months of paused payments were agreed. The Financial Ombudsman is now reviewing the case.

GW said: "It's a nightmare. Due to them I have been unable to move my credit card balance to a cheaper deal."

In another case, one reader said they were given £300 compensation by Barclays after three months of mortgage payments weren't collected following an administration error.

This happened in 2019 after a routine rate change to his mortgage term -but the customer says he recently discovered four missed payments on his credit file.

The Guardian says the error appears to have affected former customers of Woolwich Building Society, which was taken over by Barclays in 2000, who have made changes to their mortgage term.

It isn't clear how many people have experienced similar issues.

A Barclays spokesperson told the newspaper: "We take the responsibility of reporting accurate data of customers' credit reference information extremely seriously.

"As soon as we are alerted to any discrepancy we will work swiftly to review and resolve the situation.

"Of the recent individual cases brought to our attention, the majority have already been resolved and where errors were identified corrective action taken to ensure accurate reporting.

"We are currently reviewing the remaining two active cases and will shortly provide both customers with a resolution proposal."

Document MIRUK00020211116ehbg00466




The Best Black Friday Razer Deals 2021: Top Early Keyboard, Mouse, Controller & More Savings Compiled by Retail Egg

504 words
15 November 2021
10:30 PM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2021    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

Save on a range of Razer peripherals deals at the early Black Friday sale, including all the top gaming laptop, gaming headset & more deals 


BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 15, 2021-- 

Black Friday researchers are rating the latest early Razer deals for Black Friday, featuring the best deals on Razer Viper mini, Huntsman V2, Razer Blade 15 laptop and more. Links to the top deals are listed below.

Best Razer Deals: 


   -- Save up to 50% on a wide range of Razer gaming keyboards, mice, headsets 
      & laptops at Walmart 
 
   -- Save on Razer gaming PCs, gaming laptops, peripherals & accessories at 
      Razer.com - check out the latest deals on Razer computers, peripherals, 
      headphones, gaming chairs, controllers & more 
 
   -- Save up to 48% on top-rated Razer gaming laptops at Walmart - check the 
      latest deals on Razer gaming laptops from the Razer Blade Stealth, Razer 
      Blade Pro & Razer Book series 
 
   -- Save up to 40% on Razer gaming laptops, mice, keyboards, headsets & 
      accessories at Amazon 
 
   -- Shop the Razer Blade 15 gaming laptop including base and advanced models 
      at Razer.com - the Razer Blade 15 features the 11th Gen Intel Core H 
      Series and NVIDIA GeForce RTX 30 Series 
 
   -- Save up to $470 on Razer Blade gaming laptops at Walmart - check live 
      prices on a range of Razer Blade laptops including Blade Stealth & Blade 
      Pro models 
 
   -- Save up to $400 on Razer Blade 15 gaming laptops at Amazon - at only 
      15.6-inches the Razer Blade 15 is small but powerful with a 9th Gen Intel 
      Core processor and GeForce RTX graphics card 
 
   -- Save up to 50% on Razer Huntsman keyboards at Walmart - get the best 
      deals and discounts on Razer Huntsman Elite, Huntsman Tournament Edition 
      & Huntsman Mini TKL keyboards 
 
   -- Save up to 38% on Razer Viper Mini & Ultimate gaming mice at Walmart 
 
   -- Save up to 31% on the Razer Kishi gaming controller at Walmart - USB-C 
      telescopic game controller designed for Android smartphones 
 
   -- Save up to 37% Razer Kiyo streaming webcam at Walmart - 1080p 30fps / 
      720p 60fps streaming camera with built-in adjustable ring light 
 
   -- Save up to 29% on Razer Blade 15 gaming laptops at Walmart - the Razer 
      Blade 15 is powered by Intel's 11th Gen Intel Core H Series and is 
      available in FHD, QHD & OLED versions 
 
   -- Save on the Razer Phone 2 at Verizon.com - featuring a 5.72-inch IGZO 
      120Hz screen, Snapdragon 845 processor, & an f/1.75 12MP camera 

Interested in more deals? We recommend checking Walmart's Black Friday deals and Amazon's Black Friday page to view hundreds more offers right now. Retail Egg earns commissions from purchases made using the links provided.

About Retail Egg: Retail Egg shares e-commerce deals news. As an Amazon Associate and affiliate Retail Egg earns from qualifying purchases.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211115005007/en/


 
    CONTACT: 

Andy Mathews (andy@nicelynetwork.com) 


 
    SOURCE: Retail Egg 
Copyright Business Wire 2021 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020211115ehbf0004u




Black Friday Sony a7 III & a7R II Deals 2021: Early Full-Frame Mirrorless Camera Savings Listed by Deal Tomato

504 words
12 November 2021
09:15 PM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2021    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

Early Black Friday Sony a7 III & a7R II deals have arrived, compare the latest early Black Friday Sony mirrorless camera sales below 


BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 12, 2021-- 

Early Black Friday Sony camera deals for 2021 are live. Review the latest deals on the Sony a7 III, a7R II and more. Links to the top deals are listed below.

Best Sony A7 III & A7r II Deals: 


   -- Save up to 61% on Sony a7 III mirrorless cameras at Walmart - the Sony a7 
      III is capable of 10 FPS silent continuous shooting, 4K HDR video 
      recording, and shooting 710 photos on a full charge 
 
   -- Save up to $300 on Sony a7 mirrorless camera models at Dell.com - click 
      the link to view live prices on the Sony Alpha a7 III Mirrorless Camera 
      and the Sony <ALPHA>7 III ILCE-7M3 Digital Camera Mirrorless 
 
   -- Save up to 34% on Sony a7R II mirrorless cameras at Walmart - check the 
      latest deals on Sony a7R II camera bodies and bundles 
 
   -- Save up to 44% on Sony Alpha a7II & a7III mirrorless digital cameras at 
      Amazon - click the link for the latest prices on Sony's top-rated a7II & 
      a7III mirrorless cameras 
 
   -- Save up to $308 on Sony Alpha a7II cameras at Amazon - the Sony a7II 
      mirrorless camera is touted as the world's full-frame camera with a first 
      5-axis in-body image stabilization 
 
   -- Save up to $921 on Sony Alpha a7III full-frame mirrorless cameras at 
      Amazon - available in camera body only or with a wide range of Sony 
      lenses and accessories 
 
   -- Save up to $310 on Sony Alpha a7 mirrorless digital cameras at 
      BHPhotoVideo.com - see the latest deals on Sony Alpha mirrorless cameras 
      including a7 III and a7R II 

Best Sony Camera Deals: 


   -- Save up to 40% on Sony mirrorless digital cameras & bundles at Walmart - 
      check the latest savings on the top-rated a6000, a6500 & a7iii mirrorless 
      cameras 
 
   -- Save up to $200 on top-rated Sony Alpha mirrorless & digital cameras at 
      Amazon - check discounts on highly-rated Sony mirrorless digital cameras, 
      accessory bundles & cases 
 
   -- Save up to $200 on the latest Sony cameras at BHPhotoVideo.com - check 
      out the latest deals on Sony DSLRs, top-rated mirrorless cameras, & 
      point-and-shoot digital cameras 
 
   -- Save up to 55% on a wide range of Sony cameras at Walmart - including 
      savings on top-rated Sony Alpha mirrorless cameras and Cyber-shot digital 
      cameras 

Looking for more deals? Check out Walmart's Black Friday deals and Amazon's Black Friday page to view hundreds more active savings right now. Deal Tomato earns commissions from purchases made using the links provided.

About Deal Tomato: Deal Tomato reports on popular sales events. As an Amazon Associate and affiliate Deal Tomato earns from qualifying purchases.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211112005014/en/


 
    CONTACT: 

Andy Mathews (andy@nicelynetwork.com) 


 
    SOURCE: Deal Tomato 
Copyright Business Wire 2021 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020211112ehbc0001r




Sole Fitness Black Friday Deals 2021: Best Early Bike, Treadmill, Elliptical & Rower Sales Researched by Retail Egg

504 words
12 November 2021
12:20 AM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2021    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

The best early Sole deals for Black Friday, featuring upright bike, folding treadmill & more discounts 


BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 11, 2021-- 

Here's our list of the top early Sole Fitness deals for Black Friday 2021, featuring deals on compact ellipticals, indoor bikes and more. Shop the full range of deals in the list below.

Best Sole Fitness Deals: 


   -- Save up to 62% on Sole Fitness exercise equipment at SoleTreadmills.com - 
      check the latest deals on treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, rowers and 
      climbers from Sole 
 
   -- Save up to $290 on highly rated gym equipment from Sole Fitness at Amazon 
      - check live prices on indoor cycle bikes, folding treadmills, elliptical 
      machines and more 
 
   -- Save up to 48% on Sole Fitness treadmills at SoleTreadmills.com - 
      featuring top-rated treadmills with powerful motors and smooth rides 
 
   -- Save up to $220 on Sole treadmills at Amazon - click the link for the 
      latest deals on the Sole TT8, F80, F85 and more treadmills from Sole 
      Fitness 
 
   -- Save up to 48% on elliptical machines at SoleTreadmills.com - check live 
      deals on Sole ellipticals with durable steel frames, comfortable pedals 
      and integrated tech 
 
   -- Save up to 50% on indoor exercise bikes at SoleTreadmills.com - featuring 
      the Johnny G Indoor Bike and more upright and recumbent indoor bikes 
 
   -- Save up to 45% on rowers at SoleTreadmills.com - with multiple levels of 
      air and magnetic resistance, rowers are great for high intensity workouts 

Best Exercise Equipment Deals: 


   -- Save up to 70% off on gym equipment from Bowflex, NordicTrack, ProForm & 
      more top brands at Walmart - check live prices on exercise bikes, 
      treadmills, ellipticals, rowers and more fitness machines 
 
   -- Save on premium at-home exercise bikes at EquinoxPlus.com - the SoulCycle 
      bike from Equinox features a commercial steel-grade frame, immersive 
      touchscreen & sound system, and accurate tracking 
 
   -- Save up to $500 on high impact rowing machines at Hydrow.com - check 
      special savings on Hydrow rower machines and packages for engaging total 
      body workouts 
 
   -- Save up to 62% on Sole treadmills, bikes, ellipticals, rowers & climbers 
      at SoleTreadmills.com 
 
   -- Save up to 50% on top rated exercise & fitness equipment at Amazon - 
      check the latest deals on home gym equipment from Echelon, Schwinn, 
      Bowflex and more popular brands 
 
   -- Save up to $100 on Bowflex exercise equipment at Bowflex.com - featuring 
      best-selling machines such as the Bowflex VeloCore bike, Max Trainer M6 
      elliptical, SelectTech dumbbells and more 

In need of some more deals? Click here to see the full range of active deals at Walmart's Black Friday sale and click here to shop Amazon's latest Black Friday deals. Retail Egg earns commissions from purchases made using the links provided.

About Retail Egg: Retail Egg shares e-commerce deals news. As an Amazon Associate and affiliate Retail Egg earns from qualifying purchases.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211111005017/en/


 
    CONTACT: 

Andy Mathews (andy@nicelynetwork.com) 


 
    SOURCE: Retail Egg 
Copyright Business Wire 2021 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020211111ehbb0008t




Best Sony a7R II & a7 III Black Friday Deals (2021) Ranked by Spending Lab

504 words
8 November 2021
09:10 PM
Business Wire
BWR
English
(c) 2021    Business Wire. All Rights Reserved. 

Save on Sony a7 III & a7R II deals at the early Black Friday 2021 sale, together with all the best Sony Alpha mirrorless camera savings 


BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 08, 2021-- 

Early Black Friday Sony a7R II & a7 III deals for 2021 have arrived. Find the latest savings on Sony cameras, tripods, bundles, and more. Links to the top deals are listed below.

Best Sony A7 III & A7r II Deals: 


   -- Save up to 61% on Sony a7 III mirrorless cameras at Walmart - the Sony a7 
      III is capable of 10 FPS silent continuous shooting, 4K HDR video 
      recording, and shooting 710 photos on a full charge 
 
   -- Save up to $300 on Sony a7 mirrorless camera models at Dell.com - click 
      the link to view live prices on the Sony Alpha a7 III Mirrorless Camera 
      and the Sony a7 III ILCE-7M3 Digital Camera Mirrorless 
 
   -- Save up to 34% on Sony a7R II mirrorless cameras at Walmart - check the 
      latest deals on Sony a7R II camera bodies and bundles 
 
   -- Save up to 44% on Sony Alpha a7II & a7III mirrorless digital cameras at 
      Amazon - click the link for the latest prices on Sony's top-rated a7II & 
      a7III mirrorless cameras 
 
   -- Save up to $308 on Sony Alpha a7II cameras at Amazon - the Sony a7II 
      mirrorless camera is touted as the world's full-frame camera with a first 
      5-axis in-body image stabilization 
 
   -- Save up to $921 on Sony Alpha a7III full-frame mirrorless cameras at 
      Amazon - available in camera body only or with a wide range of Sony 
      lenses and accessories 
 
   -- Save up to $310 on Sony Alpha a7 mirrorless digital cameras at 
      BHPhotoVideo.com - see the latest deals on Sony Alpha mirrorless cameras 
      including a7 III and a7R II 

Best Sony Camera Deals: 


   -- Save up to 40% on Sony mirrorless digital cameras & bundles at Walmart - 
      check the latest savings on the top-rated a6000, a6500 & a7iii mirrorless 
      cameras 
 
   -- Save up to $200 on top-rated Sony Alpha mirrorless & digital cameras at 
      Amazon - check discounts on highly-rated Sony mirrorless digital cameras, 
      accessory bundles & cases 
 
   -- Save up to $200 on the latest Sony cameras at BHPhotoVideo.com - check 
      out the latest deals on Sony DSLRs, top-rated mirrorless cameras, & 
      point-and-shoot digital cameras 
 
   -- Save up to 55% on a wide range of Sony cameras at Walmart - including 
      savings on top-rated Sony Alpha mirrorless cameras and Cyber-shot digital 
      cameras 

Want some more deals? Check out Walmart's Black Friday deals and Amazon's Black Friday page to compare even more offers at the moment. Spending Lab earns commissions from purchases made using the links provided.

About Spending Lab: Spending Lab research and report on online sales events. As an Amazon Associate and affiliate Spending Lab earns from qualifying purchases.

View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20211108005045/en/


 
    CONTACT: 

Andy Mathews (andy@nicelynetwork.com) 


 
    SOURCE: Spending Lab 
Copyright Business Wire 2021 
 

(END)

Document BWR0000020211108ehb80001o




ATTORNEY GENERAL BONTA PROVIDES PUBLIC SERVANTS WITH INFORMATION ON HOW TO UTILIZE THE UPDATED PUBLIC SERVICE LOAN FORGIVENESS PROGRAM

504 words
8 October 2021
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2021. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

SACRAMENTO, Calif., Oct. 8 -- The California Attorney General issued the following press release:

OAKLAND- California Attorney General Rob Bonta issued a consumer alert today highlighting important information regarding recent changes to the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program.On Oct. 6, 2021,the U.S. Department of Education (ED) announced that over the coming months, it will be implementing critical improvements to thePSLF program that shouldprovidemore eligible public servants with the student loan forgiveness that they deserve. As part of these improvements, ED has launched a limited-timePublic Service Loan Forgiveness Limited Waiver Opportunitythat will run through Oct. 31, 2022, allowing eligible borrowers to receive credit for past payments made on loans that would otherwise not qualify under the PSLF program.Thismove by ED to improve the PSLF programfollowsa recent comment letter, led by Attorney General Bonta, that urged ED to take robust action to fix the broken PSLF program.Below, Attorney General Bonta provides additional information regarding the newly established waiver, including eligibility, and steps borrowers can take in order to utilize the program.

"Many of our brave public servants have dedicated their lives to protecting our communities on the promise of the PSLF program, only to be denied the loan forgiveness that they are entitled to. Our teachers, nurses, first responders, service members, and many others have been required to serve at the forefront of the COVID-19 pandemic, yet they have repeatedly been let down by a failed system,"said Attorney General Bonta. "We are extremely pleased to see the Biden Administration's progress on fixingthe brokenPSLF program and its commitment to making good on our nation's promise to those who have devoted themselves to serving others. I encourage all public servants who hold federal student loan debt to take advantage of the new PSLF Limited Waiver Opportunity and pursue the loan forgiveness that you are entitled to."

How to Check if Your Payments are Eligible Under the Limited PSLF Waiver

Under the temporary rules, any prior payment made will count as a qualifying payment, regardless of loan type, repayment plan, or whether the payment was made in full or on time. All you need is qualifying employment. This temporary change will apply to student loan borrowers with Direct Loans, those who have already consolidated into the Direct Loan Program, and those who consolidate into the Direct Loan Program byOct. 31, 2022.

There are two requirements in order to receive additional qualifying payments:

How to Utilize the Limited PSLF Waiver

Additional Improvements to PSLF:

In addition tolaunching the limited PSLF Waiver, ED also plans tomakethe following important changes to the PSLF program:

You can find additional information and helpful tools regarding the PSLF Program atwww.ed.gov. Additionally, you can find a fact sheet on ED's updated PSLF programhere.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document INDFED0020211009eha8000bp


ROP
What pension options are available?

504 words
7 October 2021
North Norfolk News
NNORN
English
Copyright 2021. Archant Regional Limited. 

I'm approaching retirement and due to stop work early next year. I've started to look at what income my pension will give me and I'm a bit confused by the information I am getting from my pension company. I have three funds - all of which are private pensions - which are now worth about £400,000 in total. What are my options?

Phil Beck of Smith & Pinching responds:

Approaching retirement is a critical time for your financial planning. Decisions made at this point may affect the rest of your life. I strongly recommend that you get independent financial advice before taking any action.

Accessing your pension savings can happen in a number of ways. Firstly, you are normally allowed to take up to a quarter of your pension savings at the start of your retirement as a tax-free cash sum. You don't have to if you have no specific need for cash at this point.

An income from your pension fund can be provided in two principal ways: an annuity or flexi-access drawdown.

An annuity is a plan purchased with your pension savings that provides a guaranteed income for life, however long you may live. It's a one-off decision requiring an initial outlay and is generally irrevocable (although some protection for dying in the early years of the plan can be built in). If you don't take your tax-free cash entitlement at the outset, you won't be able to take it later. Annuity rates have struggled for some years now, but they do provide security for the future.

Flexi-access drawdown involves drawing directly from the pension fund, leaving the remainder invested for potential future growth. It gives you flexibility in how much income you take at different stages of your retirement and means that your money can continue to grow. Also, you usually have the option of taking your tax-free cash entitlement in stages. However, it won't give you any guarantees and poor market performance can adversely affect the value of your fund. What it will give, however, is the chance to leave any unspent pension to your heirs if you die early.

Flexi-access drawdown has become the most popular pension income option, but does require you to manage both the ongoing investment and level of withdrawals to ensure that your money doesn't run out. You can, in fact, combine annuities and flexi-access drawdown, either concurrently or at different stages of retirement.

Please get independent advice at this important stage. The right solution for you will depend on a wide range of factors.

Any opinions expressed in this article do not constitute advice. The value of an investment and the income from it could go down as well as up. The return at the end of the investment period is not guaranteed and you may get back less than you originally invested.

For more information, please visit www.smith-pinching.co.uk

Document NNORN00020211007eha70000p




Appharvest Inc. - How to bring ESG into your 401(k)

Appharvest Inc. published this content on 05 Oct 2021 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by PUBT, unedited and unaltered, on 05 Oct 2021 11:23:51 UTC.
504 words
5 October 2021
Public Companies News and Documents via PUBT
LCDVP
English
Copyright 2021. As included in the Information 

* Click here to view this document in its original format

How to bring ESG into your 401(k)

How to bring ESG into your 401(k)

There's been some debate as to whether 401(k)s should include ESG-focused funds. Opponents have said that, absent a global standard for measuring ESG performance, including ESG funds in 401(k)s would be a "breach of fiduciary responsibility."

But proponents argue that as interest in ESG grows - investors pumped $51.1 billion into U.S. sustainable funds last year, more than double the total in 2019 - individuals should be able to add these funds to their retirement-savings plans if they so desire.

Last spring the Department of Labor announced it would cease to enforce a Trump-era rule that required 401(k) plans to base decisions solely economic factors, which means individuals could see increased ESG options in their employee-sponsored retirement plans in the coming years.

But investors eager to incorporate ESG funds into their retirement plans might not have to wait for that to happen. As the Wall Street Journalreports, there are still ways to feather a nest egg with impact investments. Here are a few ideas.

* Take a closer look at your plan's portfolio holdings. When you examine a fund's portfolio holdings, check to see if it includes any of the same stocks held by big-name ESG funds like Parnassus Core Equity. If you see a lot of overlap, that one could be a winner. If you want to take a deeper dive, the research provider MSCI Inc. ranks individual stocks and funds on a continuum ranging from "leader" to "laggard."

* Ask if your plan offers a self-directed brokerage window. Some employee-sponsored plans will allow you to buy stocks outside the plan's offerings and include them in the same tax-deferred account. If you go this route, be sure to ask about any transaction fees so there's no sticker shock.

* Consider setting up a sustainable supplement. If your 401(k) just doesn't offer adequate ESG options, you can still set up a traditional or Roth IRA for those investments. Experts advise starting off with a broadly focused ESG fund - as opposed to one dedicated to a single issue like renewable -because these portfolios are more likely to match the performance of major market indexes like the S&P 500.

Nothing in this newsletter constitutes investment advice, performance data or any recommendation that any security, portfolio of securities, investment product, transaction or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person

Disclaimer

Appharvest Inc. published this content on 05 October 2021 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 05 October 2021 11:49:08 UTC.

Document LCDVP00020211005eha5002n9




RealEstate
Study: Fall is when home buyers can find the best deals

Michele Lerner 
504 words
25 September 2021
The Washington Post
WP
FINAL
T13
English
Copyright 2021, The Washington Post Co. All Rights Reserved 

Each individual home buyer needs to determine when it's the right time to purchase a property based on their financial situation and lifestyle. At the same time, buyers typically hope to find that ideal moment when they can find a home that matches their hopes and dreams for the best possible price.

Spring and summer are typically the most competitive seasons for buyers - and some look for a home in the winter. But fall is the time when buyers will find the best deals of the year, according to Realtor.com.

According to the listing site's analysis, buyers face 18 percent less competition in the ideal buying week in their market compared with the peak week in summer and 6 percent less competition than an average week.

Realtor.com estimates that buyers can save as much as $10,000 on a median-priced home during the "best" week compared with the summer peak. Listings are up 31 percent on average during the ideal week compared with an average week during the year.

Homes stay on the market a bit longer during the best week, which means buyers will have an average of seven extra days to consider whether they want to make an offer.

Depending on where they're shopping for a home, buyers will see a sweet spot - more homes for sale, lower prices and less competition from other buyers - sometime between this week and Oct. 17.

The optimal week to shop for a home in most markets across the United States is the week of Oct. 3-9, according to Realtor.com's analysis.

But, like pretty much everything about real estate, the best week varies by location. For buyers in New York, Los Angeles, Boston, Denver, Detroit, Minneapolis and Portland, the optimal week to shop is this week.

In the D.C. metro area, the best week was Sept. 19. Realtor.com anticipated active listings would be up 14 percent compared with the peak week of the year, and that the number of days a home takes to sell would be up by 49 percent. The median listing price for homes was anticipated to be 4.8 percent lower than the peak week.

The peak for home buyer demand is usually in July. Realtor.com anticipates approximately 705,000 listings to be on the market in October across the United States, which is about 100,000 more than in July, as long as 2021 follows the typical seasonal pattern.

More home sellers tend to reduce their listing price during the best week to buy, with an average of 7 percent of sellers dropping their price. That could mean about 50,000 homes nationally will have a reduced price. The analysis is based on listing data since 2018 that compares available homes and the number of buyers in the market.

For the full report: https://news.move.com/news_releases.

realestate@washpost.com 

http://www.washingtonpost.com

WP20210925re-townsquare0915

Document WP00000020210925eh9p0001g




Money,News Money,Aldi,Retail
AISLE BE DAMNED Aldi opens first checkout-free supermarket in the UK - and it means no more queuing

Lynsey Barber 
504 words
20 September 2021
09:47 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2021 

SHOPPERS could soon avoid Aldi's super-speedy checkouts as the supermarket has revealed its first store without them.

The discounter is testing out its first checkout-free branch in London and there's no self-service till either.

Instead Aldi is testing out a smartphone app that means you scan as you enter and can just walk out after.

You won't even need to scan the fruit, veg and other groceries as you shop to avoid queueing to pay at the checkout.

The charges are made automatically and a receipt is sent for their grocery shop via email.

Users of the app, which is being tested out by staff before it's trialled with customers, can set up the debit or credit card they want to be charged online.

Giles Hurley, chief executive of Aldi in the UK and Ireland, said: "We are always looking to redefine what it means to be a discount retailer, and the technology involved in this trial will give us a wealth of learnings."

"We are really excited to be testing this concept that will enable customers to pick from our range of quality products, all available at unbeatable prices, then leave the store without having to pay at a till."

Staff will still be employed at the supermarket, with the same number as its smaller Aldi Local stores.

Aldi shoppers often can't keep up with how fast the checkouts are and the grocer has claimed that they are 40% quicker than rivals.

The company has even joked that its staff are "faster than 5G" thanks to using extra big barcodes to get items through quickly.

But shoppers can always ask staff to slow down if they need to.

The super-speeds will no longer be an issue for those giving the checkout-free shops a test.

Aldi is not the only supermarket to ditch checkouts and turn to technology to put an end to queuing at tills.

Tesco launched its first checkout-free store at the start of the year at its headquarters after successful trials, and then its first for the public over the summer.

Online retailer Amazon has gone checkout-free at its first bricks and mortar grocery stores, Amazon Fresh.

Other supermarkets have apps that can help you beat the queues by scanning items as you shop, though you still have to pay at the till points.

Tesco has "Scan as you Shop" and M&S' "Mobile Pay Go", while Lidl is testing the service through its Lidl go app.

At Sainsbury's you can use the SmartShop app as a self-scanner and shoppers will have to use this to get discounts after a shake-up of the supermarket's loyalty scheme.

We pay for your stories!

Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team?

Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk

Document THESUK0020210920eh9k0030d




Business
The ravages of inflation affect every one of us

ALYS KEY 
504 words
16 September 2021
i
IIND
1ST
43
English
© 2021 All Rights Reserved. 

Outlook

Who is hit hardest by inflation? While rising prices tend to be bad news for many of us, the way it manifests will be different from group to group. As Alistair McQueen, head of savings and retirement at Aviva, put it yesterday: "The 3.2 per cent headline rise in the consumer prices index (CPI) is big. It is also an average, and none of us are 'average'. Different personal spending habits will drive a different personal experience of inflation."

By Aviva's calculation, it is preretirees, aged 50 to 64, who are being hit hardest by price rises. This age group tends to spend more on the categories that are experiencing the biggest inflation, such as restaurants, hotels, recreation and transport.

Another group is savers, including those who were able to take advantage of being stuck at home to put away some extra cash. "Many households were able to build up their savings during the repeated lockdowns," said Jason Hollands, managing director of Bestinvest. "But the surge in inflation threatens to erode the real value of these cash war chests."

He likened inflation to a "rat tucking in to a piece of cheese", leaving savers with less to show for their hard work, especially while interest rates remain in the doldrums.

Spare a thought, too, for small business owners. While yesterday's ONS figures measured the price which the end-customer pays, businesses are facing their own costs including raw materials, labour shortages and supply disruption. They then have to figure out how much of it they can absorb.

Ruth Bradford of Bristol-based

The Little Black and White Book Project, a maker of children's books and gifts, explained her conundrum: "I'm trying desperately not to increase the prices of my products despite being slammed by increased material and manufacturing costs across the board, but I feel it will be inevitable.

It's a double whammy for us business owners as we have to cover our own higher living costs while also keeping our offering affordable for our customers. It's a no-win situation."

And of course there are the workers. Rising prices come at a particularly tight time, with those in low-paid positions already facing a cut to their universal credit next month, while the Government's national insurance hike will put a further squeeze on household budgets.

Is there any good news? There's a glimmer of hope for pensioners worried about the conversion of the triple-lock on the state pension to a double-lock. If next month's CPI figure surpasses 2.5 per cent, it will determine the pension increase for April. With August's number having come in above expectations, that now looks more likely. This, however, will only be of any use to pensioners if living costs haven't further outstripped the rise by the spring.

Businesses are also facing other costs including labour shortages and disruption to supply

Document IIND000020210916eh9g00019




CHAIRMAN NEAL OPENING STATEMENT FOR SUBTITLE B AT MARKUP OF THE BUILD BACK BETTER ACT; House Ways and Means Committee News Release

504 words
9 September 2021
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2021 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

We now turn to Budget Reconciliation Legislative Recommendations Relating to Retirement which will make investments to improve Americans' long-term financial security. I'm proud of this Committee's bipartisan record of accomplishment in the area of retirement policy, and we have an opportunity here to build on those achievements and further enhance workers' opportunities to save.

Our country currently faces a retirement income crisis. Nearly one-third of Americans have no retirement savings at all, and about half of working-age households risk being unable to maintain their current standard of living after retiring.

We know that having an employer-sponsored retirement plan is key to preparing for retirement, but nearly half of American private sector employees work for an employer that doesn't offer a retirement plan.

This subtitle includes an automatic IRA proposal that requires employers that have been in existence for at least two years, do not sponsor a retirement plan, and employ five or more people to automatically enroll those employees in IRAs or 401(k)-type plans. To offset administrative costs, employers would receive a tax credit.

Current law includes a nonrefundable tax credit - called the Saver's Credit - for eligible taxpayers who make elective deferrals to tax-favored retirement plans or contributions to IRAs. The investments we're considering would make the Saver's Credit refundable, so that those without any income tax liability receive a benefit. The proposal also would require the credit amount to be contributed directly to a tax-favored retirement account, in effect, acting as a matching contribution for savers.

Automatic IRAs and Saver's Credit enhancements would dramatically expand retirement savings in the United States. According to recent analysis commissioned by the American Retirement Association, implementing these proposals could add up to $7.0 trillion in additional retirement savings over a 10-year period - and create more than 62 million new retirement savers.

These investments would also help address inequities in retirement saving. Automatic IRAs would particularly benefit Hispanic, Asian, and Black populations in the United States, as they are less likely to have access to work-sponsored retirement plans. It's estimated that the Auto IRA and Saver's Credit enhancements would result in 7.0 million new Black savers and 10.8 million new Latino and Latina savers. Over 98 percent of new savers make less than $100,000 per year.

Now is the time to confront these issues head-on - the longer we wait, the worse the crisis will become, and millions more Americans will find themselves in untenable circumstances in their later years.

I urge all of you to vote in favor of these impactful retirement provisions.

I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Brady, for purposes of an opening statement.

Read this original document at: https://waysandmeans.house.gov/media-center/press-releases/chairman-neal-opening-statement-subtitle-b-markup-build-back-better-act

Document CONGDP0020210910eh9900005




Are you in a dud super fund? Why you should look before you leap | Making Money

Paul Clitheroe 
504 words
6 September 2021
The Border Mail
FBORDM
English
Copyright 2021 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited. www.bordermail.com.au. Not available for re-distribution. 

Superannuation watchdog APRA has just delivered its verdict on the performance of the nation's 80 MySuper accounts.

These are the default funds designed to provide low fees and basic levels of insurance.

If you haven't given your employer instructions about which fund you'd like the boss's compulsory contributions paid into, it's a fair bet your retirement savings are in a MySuper product.

APRA reviewed these funds as part of the Your Future, Your Super reforms introduced in the 2020-21 federal budget.

It will be an annual event, and undoubtedly one that super funds won't look forward to with any great relish.

That's because if a MySuper fund fails APRA's test, the fund is required to write to members by the end of September, and suggest they take their money elsewhere because the fund is an underperformer.

On the plus side, only 13 MySuper accounts have been assessed by APRA as "underperformers".

That's considerably less that some pundits were expecting.

But you don't have to wait to hear from your fund to know if your super account is among those that failed the test.

The Tax Office website has a YourSuper comparison tool that makes it very public which funds performed and which underperformed.

The tool also shows the fees and investment returns over three, five and seven years for each MySuper product.

None of us want to be in a super fund labelled as a dud. But before bailing out of an underperforming fund, there are a few things to consider.

The first is that APRA's performance test is complex. In particular, it looks at the fund's performance in relation to it's investment strategy.

So some of the funds that copped a "fail" result delivered much higher returns than others that passed.

This is why it makes more sense to look before you leap. It's worth checking the returns your fund has notched up over time. Then check how it compares to others.

The YourSuper tool allows you to do this.

That way you can get an idea of whether you fund is a continual chain-dragger on returns or if it charges relatively high fees.

Switching to a new fund can be a good idea if it helps you enjoy a bigger nest egg in retirement.

However, it will mean going through the process of selecting a fund, transferring your super savings from the old fund to a new one, and your letting your boss know the details of the new fund.

It's not a hard process, but it's not something any of us want to go through every year.

So take the time to be sure you're happy with a new fund - or comfortable sticking with your old one.

Paul Clitheroe is chairman of InvestSMART, chair of the Ecstra Foundation and chief commentator for Money Magazine.

Document FBORDM0020210905eh9600002


Lifestyle,Money
M&S Bank customers only have one day left to take action on their current account ahead of closures

By Linda Howard 
504 words
30 August 2021
06:14 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2021 Reach Plc 

Four types of M&S Bank current accounts will close on August 31.

Time is running out forM&S Bankcustomers to switch providers before all current accounts are closed on Tuesday, August 31.

M&S Bank closed all 29 of its in-storebank brancheson July 2, however, customers should be aware that other M&S financial products including credit cards, loans and insurance are not affected by the closure of the current accounts. M&S travel money bureaux branches, which are located in over 100 stores across the UK, are also unaffected and will remain open.

The closure of all current accounts means customers who have not taken action only have one day left to move their money and make other banking arrangements.

Nationwide offering free cash to new and existing customers for switching current accounts this week

The following M&S account will all close on August 31, 2021:

In March, when M&S Bank first announced the closures, it said the move was largely down to a shift towards online banking services, mostly brought about by restrictions imposed by the coronavirus pandemic.

MoneySavingExpert.comreports that M&S Bank has three million customers in total, although it does not have a figure for how many of those have current accounts.

If you are an M&S Bank customer, you can continue to use your account as normal and view it on internet banking or via the app up until August 31.

However,if you want to switch, which is probably the easiest and quickest option, you need to start the process August 31, as it takes seven working days to complete, with a switch date of no later than September 10, 2021.

You can use theCurrent Account Switch Service (CASS)to switch to an existing current account you have or to a new current account. This will ensure all your direct debits, standing orders, recurring payments and incoming payments such as salary or benefits are moved over to your new account.

MoneySavingExpert.comhighlights the top current switching deals on the websitehere.

These include:

Nationwide

Top Money Stories Today

Once you start theswitch process, your M&S current account will automatically close.

M&S Bank current account customers with an overdraft will need to clear this by August 31. If you can't pay it off right now, contact M&S on 0345 900 0900 to discuss your options as soon as possible.

If you have money in your M&S Bank account and don'tswitchby the deadline, your funds will be automatically sent to you via cheque after account closure on August 31.

MoneySavingExpert.com said: "It's unclear how quickly this cheque will arrive, so it may be best to withdraw funds now if you need immediate access."

Get the latest money-saving and benefits news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our weekly Money newsletter.

Document DRECRONL20210830eh8u000p2


business
Building retirement income from sources

CHRIS RUEDI 
504 words
29 August 2021
The Pantagraph
BLM
C1
ISSN:26417634
English
© 2021 The Pantagraph. Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning. All Rights Reserved. 

Early in the retirement planning discussion, I often share my opinion on the challenges someone may encounter as they transition from working to retirement. The conversations typically begin with the way in which someone views the path towards successful retirement. Too often, the focus is on how much money someone has or needs to have saved to last them for the rest of their life.

Rather than viewing retirement through the savings mentality, I encourage people to think of retirement through the income perspective. It's wonderful to have accumulated and saved assets during working years. However, if the purchasing power of those assets erodes overtime by inflation and increased costs of living, even a substantial starting balance of retirement assets may not be enough. This concept of "protecting" what has already been accumulated often leads someone to become too conservative too early. Think of your accumulated assets as base from which to draw income over time and understand there will likely be a need for additional growth of that asset base during retirement years.

Once someone gets on board with an income approach, the next hurdle is determining how much to take from each source of funds. A good solution is to start with someone's "guaranteed" sources of income and move to the variable sources of income. Some may choose to label these sources as non-market dependent sources vs. market dependent sources. Non-market dependent items include items such as Social Security, pensions, required minimum distributions, annuitized investments, rental income, or farm income. These sources serve as a base to build ongoing income in retirement and are not subject to the same volatility that impacts traditional investment portfolios. This is not to say these sources are without any risks, but they are more predictable over shorter time periods.

Market dependent sources include retirement accounts such as 401(k)s, IRAs and Roth IRAs. Other examples include variable annuities and traditional brokerage investment accounts. Based on the investment mix, a retiree and their advisor can identify a sustainable target amount that can be withdrawn annually for income without jeopardizing the long-term focus of the portfolio. The goal is to draw income as needed without substantially depleting principal amounts during the early retirement years. Other considerations for tax purposes may influence the timing and amounts to take from various sources that are tax-deferred, tax-free, or taxable subject to capital gains rates.

Putting everything together, a retiree can have confidence that the income needed to maintain their desired lifestyle will be available for the duration of their lives. As circumstances change, it may be necessary to review the income composition and adjust accordingly. Looking at retirement through the lens of income rather than savings can help someone avoid the pitfalls of becoming too conservative too quickly.

As always, please be sure to consult your financial professional regarding your unique situation.

Ruedi is a financial advisor with Savant Wealth Management, Bloomington.

CREDIT: CHRIS RUEDI

Document BLM0000020210829eh8t0000q




Nation
Cost of living smacks retirees

ANTHONY KEANE, EXCLUSIVE 
504 words
24 August 2021
Cairns Post
CAIRPO
Cairns
10
English
© News Pty Limited. No redistribution is permitted. 

THE rising cost of living is hitting retirees harder than the rest of Australia's population, a new report says.

A comfortable retirement now requires $63,352 a year for couples and $44,818 for singles, according to the latest ASFA Retirement Standard from the Association of Superannuation Funds of Australia.

These numbers rose 0.8 and 0.9 per cent respectively in the June quarter, but some common retiree costs had much bigger price increases, with fruit up 4.7 per cent, vegetables up 5.5 per cent and private health insurance premiums rising 2.7 per cent.

ASFA CEO Martin Fahy said retiree cost increases had accelerated after Covid-19 had previously delayed price rises for things such as health insurance.

"The lived experience of retirees is different to that of the wider population in terms of price increases," Dr Fahy said.

"They are particularly exposed to the basics - food, petrol, health insurance etc.

"They tend not to benefit from areas where we see low inflation or price decreases," such as childcare, education, whitegoods and clothing.

In the past 12 months petrol prices had jumped 27.3 per cent while medical and hospital services rose 6.7 per cent, ASFA found.

"Retirees are also exposed to aged care and health care costs which are both running ahead of normal inflation," Dr Fahy said.

"None of us wants to have the retirement of our grandparents." Dr Fahy said future retirees would be affected by last year's superannuation early withdrawal scheme that left one million Australians with no super.

He said the $38 billion withdrawn in that scheme had a long-term cost of $100 billion because that money would no longer be growing inside super and people who withdrew had missed the stockmarket's strong recovery since mid-2020.

Financial strategist Theo Marinis said Australia's current annual inflation rate of 3.8 per cent "understates the real cost of living".

However, he said many of his clients were telling him they were not spending as much as they were before the pandemic.

"Because we are locked down, it's hard to even go interstate these days," Mr Marinis said.

"Generally, people are doing okay because we haven't got as many options to spend." Mr Marinis said a retirement income of more than $50,000 a year was achievable for many couples because the age pension paid about $34,000 and those with the average combined super balance near $400,000 combined could expect to earn an extra $20,000.

"Even people with quite modest balances of super can achieve about $1000 a week," he said.

Another option for retirees was to draw down more of their super during the early years of retirement then use the government's pension loan scheme - a reverse mortgage that dips into equity in their home - to top up income. "The Pension Loans Scheme gives you an additional 50 per cent more than the age pension."

Document CAIRPO0020210823eh8o0001o




News
One last generous act to change many lives

Brinley Duggan 
504 words
24 August 2021
Launceston Examiner
FEXANP
3
English
Copyright 2021 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited. www.examiner.com.au. Not available for re-distribution. 

The moment Willis Jacques called into the offices of Sproal and Associates lawyers on St John Street, nobody knew it, but the lives of countless Tasmanians changed forever.

Months later, with Ms Jacques having died and her estate having been ordered, The Examiner's Winter Relief Appeal has received its largest ever single donation and blown away its record total.

Ms Jacques bequeathed much of her legacy to charities, reserving a mammoth $150,000 for the Winter Relief Appeal.

Ms Jacques had entered the office in the twilight of her life, and in anticipation of her death, looking to get her affairs in order, part of which was deciding who would be the beneficiary of her estate. It ended up being defined by selflessness.

Such was Ms Jacques' generosity she left legacies to people who cared for her at her nursing home, before leaving the majority of her estate to charities.

Executor of her estate, Barry Sproal from Sproal and associates, said it was one of the most mind blowing examples of generosity he had seen.

"Legacies to charities aren't unusual, but it's unusual that it ends up being this sort of an amount," he said.

Mr Sproal said he believed Ms Jacques had selected the Winter Relief Appeal because of its obvious translation into the Launceston community.

"[The donations] get applied immediately, which is I think is what she was hoping would happen - that there's an immediate benefit to those who need it," he said.

For the four charities the Winter Relief Appeal supports, the sheer amount of the donation will have obvious ramifications on how they provide their services over the coming months.

Launceston Benevolent Society chief executive Rod Spinks was taken aback upon hearing how much the donation was and said the charity would be able to assist more people than it had previously thought it would be able to.

"We'll now be able to extend our social worker's hours, and provide support in that way," he said.

"This is just tremendous and something we wouldn't have budgeted for."

Both City Mission chief executive Stephen Brown and Salvation Army spokesperson Major Brad Watson said the donation was "significant".

"Every time we get an extra amount of money, that's an extra night someone stays in housing, an extra night they're not in a family violence situation, or an extra meal they get. We are extremely grateful," Mr Watson said.

St Vincent de Paul Society Tasmania chief executive Lara Alexander said the donation would go a "very long way in supporting those vulnerable in our community".

"With a gesture like this you can only imagine how many people it is going to touch and make such a great difference in their lives," she said.

"It shows so much about the legacy of a person in a community. You can be any person out there, and the legacy you leave can touch so many people."

Document FEXANP0020210823eh8o0001b




WSJ Pro
Prudential Financial Allocates $200 Million for Diverse Private-Equity Managers; Financial-services company will focus on limited-partner stakes in firms with substantial ownership stakes or management by women and minorities

By Laura Cooper and Dave Sebastian 
504 words
19 August 2021
08:29 AM
WSJ Pro Private Equity
RSTPROPE
English
Copyright © 2021, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

Prudential Financial Inc. said it has committed $200 million to back new private-equity firms headed by diverse managers.

The financial-services company Wednesday said investments will focus on limited-partner stakes in firms with substantial ownership or management by women and minorities, especially those raising capital for first or second funds.

The company said providing capital to early-stage managers adds to its existing investments in later-stage alternative asset firms owned and operated by women and minorities. Prudential currently oversees about $1.2 billion in assets under management in established private-equity funds, hedge funds and real-estate vehicles whose management has substantial or full ownership by ethnic minorities or women, according to an announcement about the new strategy.

Prudential will be funding the new effort through its general account, according to Cherrise Cederqvist, vice president at PGIM Investments, the asset-management business within Prudential Financial that leads the DEI Portfolio program. The $200 million fund will generally allocate between $5 million and $25 million at a time to managers, she said.

The group is already in discussions with potential candidates for the portfolio through introductions from other Prudential investing groups such as its private capital or real-estate group, Ms. Cederqvist said. It isn't clear how many managers will receive funding from the new vehicle or when the group will make its first investment for the portfolio.

Prudential decided to start the effort because of the continuing need for funding for first- and second-time funds.

"We've read the research and seen there is a particular hurdle that women and people of color face when they are launching their early funds," Ms. Cederqvist said.

A report funded by The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation and published in early 2019 found that women-owned firms represented just 5.2% of all private-equity firms, while minority-owned firms accounted for just 3.8%. Women-owned firms accounted for just 3.4% of total assets managed by private-equity firms versus 3.8% that minority-owned firms represented.

Prudential's new program reflects increased attention among institutional investors on supporting emerging managers that come from diverse backgrounds. In May, for example, Massachusetts' largest state pension manager laid out plans to increase engagement with diverse emerging managers while also stepping up reporting requirements on diversity and inclusion by existing investment managers.

"By supporting smaller funds, hopefully you increase the pipeline of people you can invest with and employ down the road, so you can change the industry," said Ms. Cederqvist. "But also, so often investment processes will exclude the people who are newer. When you do that you leave a lot on the table."

Write to Laura Cooper at laura.cooper@wsj.com and Dave Sebastian at dave.sebastian@wsj.com

Document RSTPROPE20210818eh8i0005l




Money,News Money,Energy bills
PAYING THE PRICE Brits' energy bills set to soar under government's 'green gas' hydrogen homes plan

Claudia Aoraha 
504 words
17 August 2021
07:28 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2021 

BRITS' energy bills are set to soar under the government's "green gas" hydrogen homes plan.

The Government is attempting to fund its ambition to produce 5GW of hydrogen for use in heavy industry, transport and home heating by 2030, according to reports.

The plans could see bills rise for everyone according to The Telegraph - despite only 10 per cent of the country's homes set to be heated with the greener gas.

The scheme will be modelled on subsidies that helped to boost the UK's offshore wind industry over the past decade.

And the government expects hydrogen to provide enough energy for just 67,000 homes, or 0.2 per cent, by 2030.

This figure is then set to rise to meet up to 10 per cent of domestic heating demand by 2035, the Telegraph reports.

But some experts have blasted this scheme as bill payers could be forced to fork out for the development of "pointless" technology.

Decisions over whether these hydrogen energy sources will replace gas boilers will be made by 2026.

But new rules have been put in place already that will stop developers from installing gas boilers in new-build homes within three years.

Developers will stop installing them in homes from 2023, two years earlier than first announced.

Hydrogen can be made either using methane, with the emissions captured and stored, classed as "blue", or through electrolysis, considered "green" if renewable electricity is used.

The gas will most likely be used in industries like shipping, steel making and fertiliser use - which will struggle to decarbonise.

As a result, the use of hydrogen for home heating is expected to be concentrated near industrial clusters and not for the general population.

Juliet Phillips, an energy expert at think tank E3G, said: "The risk is that gas payers end up paying for what's used in a few industrial clusters.

"That doesn't seem very fair or progressive."

Sir John Armitt, chairman of the national infrastructure commission, said a carbon price on natural gas would be needed to incentivise its use across the economy.

He said: "The real challenge is that it's likely to be more expensive than natural gas.".

It comes as another blow to household finances after Ofgem announced earlier this month it would increase average energy prices for 11million household by £139.

The regulator hiked the price cap to £1,277 from £1,277 - the highest since the cap launched in January 2019 - and bills will go up on October 1.

A further 4million households with pre-payment meters will see their bills jump by £153 - from £1,156 to £1,309.

Here's six tips to save hundreds of pounds on your energy bill.

And here's nine ways to easily save £8,581.

Save £2,530 in just a day by giving your finances a makeover and cutting your bills.

Document THESUK0020210816eh8g00ecp




Stockpiling cash can be hazardous to your portfolio

Adam Shell Kiplinger's Personal Finance 
504 words
15 August 2021
New York Daily News
NYDN
CS.38
English
© 2021 Daily News, New York.    Provided by ProQuest Information and Learning.    All rights reserved. 

When it comes to financial security, it's comforting to know that you have adequate cash reserves to tap when you need them. But there's also a downside to stockpiling cash: It can drag down your portfolio's returns over the long haul.

Sure, having a rainy day fund can help you survive financial jams, such as an unexpected car repair or job loss. But cash really shouldn't play a big role in investment accounts meant to fund long-term goals like retirement. "Cash becomes a drag on returns really quick," says Kristin McKenna, managing director at Darrow Wealth Management.

Weigh short-term needs against long-term goals to find an optimal cash position. Personal finance pros recommend a "bucket" approach that allocates cash over three different time frames.

A zero-cash allocation isn't crazy. Once you have buckets one and two funded and can survive financial Armageddon, you likely have enough protection to invest aggressively with bucket three.

Bucket 1: Emergency fund. You need cash savings for emergencies, such as an unexpected health care bill. View your emergency bucket "as your personal safety net when life throws you a curveball," says Judith Ward, senior financial planner at T. Rowe Price. Single-income households should have six to 12 months of regular expenses set aside. For dual-income families, three to six months should suffice.

It makes sense for retirees to build a cash cushion of one to two years of living expenses, so that they can tap their emergency fund to ride out a market decline without having to sell retirement savings at depressed prices. "It's about protecting your long-term assets," Ward says.

Bucket 2: Major expenses or intermediate-term goals. If a big-ticket purchase such as a new car or the down payment on a new home is on the horizon, you should have the money socked away for it, too. You can't afford to risk money you'll need in a few years in the stock market. High-yield savings or money market accounts - or even conservative short- or intermediate-term bond funds - are good choices for this goals-based bucket.

Bucket 3: Investments. For money earmarked for the long term, the less cash the better. "We don't see cash as having a place in an investment portfolio," says McKenna, who recommends no more than 2%. Even a 5% to 10% cash weighting can act as a headwind.

To maximize long-term returns, emulate the low cash holdings favored by fund managers. The seven nations with the biggest government pension funds (a group that includes the U.S.) had average cash positions of 4% in 2019, UBS data show. Target-date funds from Vanguard, which get more conservative as you near retirement, hold about 1% cash in portfolios that target retirement in as little as five years.

Adam Shell is an associate editor for Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine.

Document NYDN000020210815eh8f0000b




Money
B&M pays £5,000 to worker who says he was harassed because of disability

By, Emma Munbodh 
504 words
12 August 2021
11:02 PM
Mirror.co.uk
MIRUK
English
© 2021 Mirror Group Ltd 

Harvey Spence alleges he was excluded from conversations, subjected to derogatory remarks, and constantly told that no other company would ever employ him

A former B&M Bargains worker who says he was bullied by staff because of his disability has been awarded £5,000 in a settlement case.

Harvey Spence, who has a learning disability and lives in east Belfast, raised a disability harassment claim against B&M Retail Limited after claiming he was bullied on the shop floor.

Spence said he worked for B&M for 18 months in a stock-filling role and had enjoyed the job.

However, he said that changed when he received "disability harassment" from some of his colleagues.

Today, B&M Bargains, agreed to pay the former employee £5,000 without admission of liability.

Harvey Spence claims he was excluded from conversations, subjected to derogatory remarks, was constantly called names and was verbally abused.

"I liked going out to work and earning my own money, it was important to me," he said.

"After a year in my job, some new people I worked with started being horrible to me and it became really hard and very upsetting. I dreaded going to work.

"Some of the people I worked with wouldn't speak to me at all and others would tell me to go away by saying horrible things, they used really bad language and called me names.

"I found it hard to stand up for myself and in the end I had to leave my job as it was making me feel very sick.

"I got so worried about how they would treat me if I went back in. I don't know if I'll ever be able to get another job because I'm really afraid other people will treat me like that again."

Dr Evelyn Collins, chief executive of the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland, expressed concern at Spence's experience.

She said the 37.3 per cent employment rate for disabled people in Northern Ireland is the lowest of all UK regions.

"This needs to improve," she said.

"Harvey's experience at work highlights that much remains to be done to challenge barriers to employment for many disabled people and to ensure they can secure and retain paid employment.

"Employers have a responsibility to provide and promote a good and harmonious working environment. Harvey did not experience that, he felt he had no option but to go off on sick leave and then it appears that no-one contacted him to check if he was OK or to offer support.

"This is exactly why employers must have procedures and policies in place to allow them to deal promptly and seriously with complaints of discrimination or harassment, and ensure that their staff know how to access these and that their managers are appropriately trained to use them."

B&M Bargains has been approached for comment.

Document MIRUK00020210812eh8c003s5




Fair Isaac Corporation - FICO Extends Distribution Agreement with TransUnion for FICO® Score in Canada

Fair Isaac Corporation published this content on 04 Aug 2021 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by PUBT, unedited and unaltered, on 04 Aug 2021 19:43:45 UTC.
504 words
4 August 2021
Public Companies News and Documents via PUBT
LCDVP
English
Copyright 2021. As included in the Information 

* Click here to view this document in its original format 

FICO Extends Distribution Agreement with TransUnion for FICO® Score in Canada

TORONTO - August 4, 2021 -

Global analytics software provider FICO, today announced that it has extended a multi-year agreement with TransUnion of Canada, Inc. to distribute FICO® Scores to lenders, consumers and additional businesses in Canada. The renewed agreement continues to make the FICO® Score available to the Canadian market for years to come.

'The extension of our distribution agreement ensures that the Canadian market will continue to have access to the benefits of the FICO® Score, one of the most predictive and trusted credit scoring tools for risk management,' said Kevin Deveau, vice president and managing director, FICO Canada. 'The FICO Score has been core to the lending process in Canada for nearly three decades.'

'TransUnion 's comprehensive data coverage and robust product suite will continue to support Canadian consumer broad access to credit and financial empowerments,' said Todd Skinner, president, TransUnion Canada. 'Through this long-term contract with FICO, we look forward to continuing to service the Canadian credit ecosystem and empowering consumers to achieve their financial potential.'

This extended agreement drives value for organizations, as accessible data can be used for more informed credit decisions. It also helps to educate Canadian consumers to become more informed about their credit and how FICO® Scores impact their credit health.

FICO® Scores have been deployed in more than 30 countries on five continents.

About FICO

FICO (NYSE: FICO) powers decisions that help people and businesses around the world prosper. Founded in 1956 and based in Silicon Valley, the company is a pioneer in the use of predictive analytics and data science to improve operational decisions. FICO holds more than 200 US and foreign patents on technologies that increase profitability, customer satisfaction and growth for businesses in financial services, telecommunications, health care, retail and many other industries. Using FICO solutions, businesses in more than 120 countries do everything from protecting 2.6 billion payment cards from fraud, to helping people get credit, to ensuring that millions of airplanes and rental cars are in the right place at the right time.

Learn more at https://www.fico.com 

Join the conversation at https://twitter.com/fico  & https://www.fico.com/en/blogs/  &

FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and in other countries.

Contacts:

Media:

Greg Jawski

Porter Novelli for FICO

1-212-601-8248

Greg.jawski@porternovelli.com

Investors/Analysts:

StevenWeber

FICO

+1800-213-5542

investor@fico.com

Disclaimer

Fair Isaac Corporation published this content on 04 August 2021 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public , unedited and unaltered, on 04 August 2021 19:44:06 UTC.

Document LCDVP00020210804eh8400nx5




Business,Money
BOXING CLEVER Heavyweight champ takes his business to the next level

Fabulous 
504 words
4 August 2021
10:03 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2021 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

Whether he's winning medals in the ring or boosting his clothing brand, Team GB's Chev Clarke always packs a punch. In association with GoDaddy.

HEAVYWEIGHT Cheavon "Chev" Clarke has never been one to rest on his laurels. Even as a teenager, the boxer, currently ranked number three in the world and number one in the UK, refused to settle for being average.

"I got a message from one of my old teachers recently and he told me, 'You were never happy just being OK, you always wanted to take it to the next level,'" says Chev. "Whenever I achieve anything, I always ask myself what else I can do, and where I can take it. It's about pushing to be the best you can in whatever you do."

After winning silver at the 2017 European Championships, bronze at the 2018 Commonwealth Games, and bronze at the 2019 European Games, the fast-fisted sporting champ is currently competing at the postponed 2020 Olympics in Tokyo as part of Team GB.

As he prepares for the fight of his life, Chev is also developing his business, Level Up Nation, which sells branded T-shirts based on his personal philosophy: "Level up".

The brand was born after the boxer was contacted by fans keen to buy one of his personalised tees, one of which is emblazoned with, "'Overnight success' Early mornings. Late nights. Over time", which neatly sums up his fierce work ethic.

He says: "People never see the hurdles or the knock-backs, they only see the overnight success. But hurdles are what make you level up, because you have to jump over them. It's about getting up, going again and striving until you hit it."

The heavyweight levelled up his business after spotting an advert for GoDaddy on YouTube. He says: "I watched a video about a guy who wanted to put his business online and it got me thinking. People would message me about buying a T-shirt and I'd write down their details and print a batch every few months. I needed to streamline the process - and by using GoDaddy, I've been able to do that."

At c4boxing.com, designed, built and hosted by GoDaddy, customers can both order merchandise and learn more about Chev's history and lifestyle, which includes a passion for plant-based eating and promoting financial literacy, especially among the young people he mentors.

Chev says: "The website looks amazing and the process is a lot more fluid now. I've got a video running on a loop, which looks great, and when customers tag me wearing my merchandise, I can add a swipe-up link to direct traffic to the website. That's really helped me convert my online presence into sales."

Along the way, Chev has been happy to take advice from GoDaddy's customer services, which are open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Document THESCOT020210804eh840002v




Unclaimed Bitcoin; Robinhood's Triumph

Eliza Haverstock, Forbes Staff 
504 words
31 July 2021
Forbes.com
FBCOM
English
© 2021 Forbes LLC 

This is a preview of Sound Money, Forbes' free weekly newsletter about pressing issues that matter to your financial well-being: personal finance, investing, taxes and retirement. Click here to get it delivered to your inbox.

The most anticipated initial public offering of a fintech company this year has finally dropped. Robinhood, the smartphone investing app that set off a rush to fee-free stock trading among discount brokerages, hit the NasdaqNDAQ Thursday morning at $38 a share-only to tumble roughly 8% by the afternoon. Yet its cofounders stand to make billions amid a retail investing landscape forever changed. Forbes is closely monitoring the public offering, plus the latest on the eviction moratorium, affordable real estate investments, tax hikes (or cuts) and more.

The Market Gets High

Despite some glaring hiccups during its rapid rise and a rocky public debut, Robinhood's ascent is a triumph of entrepreneurship and innovative marketing, argue Forbes' Matt Schifrin and Antoine Gara. Wealth managers are scrutinizing the IPO not as investors, but as potential competitors . In the latest stage of the stock market's "hallucinogenic trip," GameStop will join the S&P MidCap 400 Index, a popular index fund, next week. Lastly, contributor John Jennings describes five terrible (and all too common) investing mistakes -so you can do the opposite.

Forgive And Forget

Some good news for small business owners: the SBA just announced a streamlined application portal to allow borrowers with PPP loans of $150,000 or less through participating lenders to directly apply for forgiveness. And with three days left before Uncle Sam's Covid-19 eviction moratorium is slated to expire, President Biden is calling on Congress to pass an emergency extension of the federal ban.

Novel graphic: Hyper Inflation At The Pump

Source: GasBuddy.com

From One 401(k) To Another...

Rolling retirement funds over from one account to another is a fairly common practice, but it can prompt quite the headache. Here are a few tips to help smooth the process. The low-or no-interest family loan, which provides immediate help to children or grandchildren instead of requiring them to wait for an inheritance, could also prove an excellent hedge against proposed federal tax hikes. When considering how to manage your cash flow during retirement, don't overlook the advantages of taking your withdrawals every six months.

University Of Walmart WMT

In the wake of the 2008 recession, home ownership has become increasingly unattainable for the middle class- and then the pandemic happened. The rapid rise of property prices has iced out many would-be first-time homebuyers from the market, but what about alternate ways to invest in real estate? With used car prices up some 27%, learn how to negotiate for the best deal possible on your auto loan. In student loan news, Walmart-the largest private employer in the U.S.-will now help its associates pay for college at select institutions.

Sign up here for Sound Money.

Document FBCOM00020210731eh7v000ji


Featured Stories
Should Indian investors consider US stock market investment from India?

Sunil Dhawan 
504 words
27 July 2021
Financial Express Online
FIEXON
English
Copyright 2021. Indian Express Group 

It's been a spectacular run for the stock market in India. From the lows of 7511 in March 2020, the Nifty 50 is in touching distance of 16000. Over the last 12 months, both Nifty 50 and BSE Sensex are up by nearly 40 per cent. Several individual stocks across industries have run-up a lot and long term investors who showed patience stands rewarded.

However, besides the risk inherent to equities, there is another risk that you as an Indian investor should not ignore. Your portfolio is exposed to geographical risk if all your funds are invested in Indian market. It is, therefore, better to bring in geographical diversification to your portfolio by investing across different economies.

And, which could be a better option than investing in the growth engine of the global economy - the US. To invest in US stock from India, it is not a complex affair anymore. Almost similar to buying stocks of Reliance, CDSL or Zomato, you can buy shares of Tesla, Amazon or Facebook sitting from your home or office.

What you need is a brokerage platform that has all the back-end processes in place to help you input your buy or sell orders on the US stock exchanges. The good news is such an arrangement is already in place and the process to open a US trading account is super easy. "Anyone can simply open an account with a broker which provides access to global investing on its platform. The investor can complete the digital KYC verification process with ID proof and address proof within 30 minutes. The US broker partner takes 48 hours to approve the account creation. Fund transfer from Indian bank to Overseas Bank takes around 2-3 working days. After this one can start trading. The entire process takes 48 hours - 72 hours," informs Sandeep Bhardwaj, CEO, Retail, IIFL Securities.

If you are still waiting on the side-lines and allocating all your money only into the domestic economy, here's what Sandeep has to tell you about the opportunities in the US market. "US equities have not only been one of the best performers over the last few years, but also allows Indian investors access to high growth new technology stocks like Amazon, Tesla, Netflix etc., which are great value creators and are not available to investors in India otherwise. It also helps in diversifying your equity portfolio. Also, considering the sustained Indian rupee depreciation against the US dollar, the returns over a longer period of time becomes really attractive."

As a beginner, you can start buying the top US stocks which are the global leaders in their own domain. Some of them include the FAANG stocks - Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Netflix and Google - and then start adding ETFs and other mid and small cap stocks to your international portfolio. Open an international trading account and let your money fly across the boundaries where the opportunity lies.

Document FIEXON0020210728eh7r0000l


Lifestyle,Money
Cost-effective ways to stay cool in the heat according to finance experts

By Jessica North 
504 words
21 July 2021
09:04 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2021 Reach Plc 

Experts share their advice for staying cool and cost-effective.

Temperatures inare sitting comfortably in the mid-20s leaving most of us basking in the sun.

But with the weather predicted to reach 30C it has left lots of people relying on electric fans.

The use of cooling appliances during the day and night is proving essential for those with kids, animals orwork to doin their home offices and, according to experts, there arecheap solutions.

Auto energy switching service Migrate estimates almost half the population of the UK use electric fans to help them stay cool during the hot, summer nights.

Others have been tempted to invest in high tech cooling systems but, according to research, there is no need to spend huge amounts ofmoney.

Hot shoppers are using a £1.99 cooling product from Home Bargains to battle through the heatwave

Figures indicate that electric fans add an overall £1.7million a day to UK energy bills on average which sounds like a lot.

However, this works out at less than 10p a night - the average running cost of a fan comes to 7p for eight hours.

The experts have come up with other ways to stay cool if you are money conscious and don't want to see the numbers rise on energy bills.

Opening a bedroom window, sleeping without bedcovers, sleeping in separate beds, freezing or filling a hot water bottle with ice water, and switching to a lower tog rated duvet are all good ways of staying cool on a hot summer night.

Other tips include:

Take a cold shower before bed

Keep bedroom blinds and curtains closed during the day to block out the sun

Use a spray bottle filled with cold water for a cooling mist on demand

Create a DIY air conditioner by putting a bowl of ice in front of a fan

Chill a pair of socks in the fridge and putting them on before bed

Most-Read Money Stories Today

Max Green, energy expert atConfused.comwhich conducted the research, said: "News of a heatwave is an omen of sleepless nights to come.

"This year the discomfort isn't limited to the night; many homeworkers won't be able to benefit from the perfectly adjusted air conditioning systems of their employer's offices.

"The stifling heat can confuse our judgement when it comes to deciding whether to fork out for an expensive cooling system.

"They can be costly to buy and run, and are only useful for the few hot days the UK experiences every year.

"The humble electric fan is still one of the most common solutions for combating the heat, and, at a cost of roughly 7p a night, it comes at a price that the majority of people will be willing to pay for comfort."

Get the latest money-saving and benefits news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our weekly Money newsletter.

Document DRECRONL20210721eh7l0025w


Lifestyle,Money
New petition calls for State Pension age to be lowered to 60 to 'free up jobs for young people'

By Linda Howard 
504 words
16 July 2021
03:39 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2021 Reach Plc 

State Pension age increased to 66 for both men and women last year.

A newly launched petition is calling on the UK Government to lower theState Pension ageback to 60 for both men and women to "free up jobs for young people" in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic.

The petition, 'Move the State Pension age back to 60 for both men and women',on the official Parliament website, says this should be reconsidered, "with immediate/imminent effect", and has already gathered more than 25,200 signatures from supporters.

State Pension ageincreased to 66 in October 2020 and is scheduled to rise to 68 between 2037 and 2039, which the UK Government says is necessary due to people living longer and spending more of their adult life in retirement.

Two ways to boost State Pension payments before and after you retire

The latest projections from the Office for National Statistics show that the number of people over State Pension age in the UK is expected to grow by a third to 16.9 million in 2042.

The petition suggests that lowering theofficial age of retirementcould be a potential solution to the looming jobs crisis after Covid-19 financial support ends later this year.

It argues this would take older people off the job market and allow younger workers hit by redundancies during the pandemic to benefit.

The petition states: "Move the pension age back to 60 for both men and women. With immediate/imminent effect. Back to what it was for women born in the 1950s and 1960s.

"Young people are struggling to find work and losing their jobs, due to the pandemic.

"Why not allow older people to retire earlier, thereby freeing up jobs for young people?

"There would be a cost, however surely a far more positive cost than paying Universal Credit?

"Not to mention the option of restoring the balance back into young people's favour and helping restore their future."

Latest Pensions News

Redundancies are expected to rise across the UK when the furlough scheme ends in September, meaning many more people could be competing for jobs.

The petition has gathered more than 10,000 signatures which means the UK Government must now officially respond to it.

The petition is scheduled to close on October 20, 2021.

ADepartment for Work and Pensions(DWP) spokesperson toldExpress.co.uk: "The [UK] Government decided over 25 years ago that it was going to make the State Pension age the same for men and women as a long-overdue move towards gender equality.

"Raising State Pension age in line with life expectancy changes has been the policy of successive administrations over many years."

Get the latest money-saving and benefits news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our weekly Money newsletter.

DWP encourages people of State Pension age to check if they qualify for £3,000 annual boost

Document DRECRONL20210713eh7d001gv




Buchanan, Larson Introduce Know Your Social Security Act; Bipartisan Bill Helps American Workers Plan for Retirement; Rep. Vern Buchanan (R-FL) News Release

504 words
24 June 2021
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2021 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

WASHINGTON - Today, House Ways and Means Committee Member Vern Buchanan and Social Security Subcommittee Chairman John B. Larson (D-CT) introduced the Know Your Social Security Act. This bill helps Americans plan for retirement by making it easier to access critical information about their Social Security earnings, contributions and future benefits.

"Too many hardworking Americans enter retirement without enough savings," Buchanan said. "Because Social Security is the primary source of income for a majority of seniors, it is imperative they have a full understanding of their benefits as they plan for retirement."

"All workers deserve to have a full understanding of what they're contributing to Social Security and what they can expect to receive. That's why it's vital we pass the Know Your Social Security Act to ensure every worker gets a Social Security Statement mailed to them," said Larson.

The Know Your Social Security Act requires the Social Security Administration (SSA) to resume mailing annual earnings statements to the 180 million Americans workers - between the ages of 25 and 60 years old - currently paying into Social Security, making it easier for them to keep track of their finances and plan accordingly. Despite a requirement in law to do so, the Social Security Administration abruptly suspended mailing these statements to the vast majority of working Americans in 2010.

Specifically, Social Security's annual mailed statements will include the following information:

* How much a worker has earned in a given year

* A worker's contributions to both Social Security and Medicare

* An estimate of the worker's Social Security benefit at full retirement age

* The Social Security benefit a worker's family receives when they pass away

While the SSA is supposed to be mailing these statements to nearly 180 million Americans, it is only mailing them to the 19 million people aged 60 and older not currently receiving benefits. Instead, SSA has urged the remaining 161 million individuals to access their information through the creation of an online portal. Unfortunately, only 16.7 million people have used the portal to receive their statements. As a result, more than 140 million people are not getting annual statements or don't use the online portal to access vital financial planning information.

The Congressman also noted that according to the Federal Communications Commission, 19 million Americans are still living without internet access and many are concerned about sharing sensitive information, such as their Social Security number, online.

In 2018, Congressman Buchanan wrote a letter to the Social Security Inspector General, expressing his concerns about the SSA's decision to suspend mailing annual statements to workers between the ages of 25 and 60.

In the 116th Congress, the Know Your Social Security Act was unanimously approved by the House Committee on Ways and Means.

Read this original document at: https://buchanan.house.gov/media-center/press-releases/buchanan-larson-introduce-know-your-social-security-act

Document CONGDP0020210625eh6o00040


Travel
Northern Ireland travel deals at home and abroad

Helen McGurk 
504 words
18 June 2021
Belfast News Letter
BELNEL
English
(c) 2021 Johnston Publishing Limited 

There's plenty of great offers around

CORK: An action-packed cultural escape at The River Lee (pictured), is based on a family of four, two adults and two children under 12 and includes four nights' accommodation with breakfast each morning, dinner on one evening in The River Club, one family picnic and family passes for a Beyond The Glass Cork cycling tour, Nano Nagle Place Cultural Centre and two Lewis Glucksman Gallery art packs. Prices start from ?1,200, contact the hotel for larger groups. For more visit doylecollection.com/cork

CO MEATH: The Boyne Valley Tasting Evening Experience at The Station House Hotel in Kilmessan on June 26 and August 21, 2021. Wine, Dine, and Stay from ?200 per person, and enjoy the finest seasonal produce and ingredients from the bounty of fantastic producers in the Boyne Valley. Book at www.stationhousehotel.ie

DUBLIN: The Shelbourne Escape - a one night break which includes breakfast, three-course dinner in The Saddle Room and valet parking from ?479 per room per night. Book at www.TheShelbourne.com

CO LAOIS: Sweet Summer Stay at The Heritage includes two nights accommodation for 2 adults and 2 children under 12 sharing a family room, summer treats in your room on arrival, dinner in Blakes restaurant on both evenings, cookies and milk at bedtime for the kids and a selection of kids movies in the inhouse cinema from ?575.

GALWAY: The #InterConnected getaway at The Twelve. Enjoy a two-bedroom Luxury Suite with super king beds in each and an interconnecting hallway for a two-night stay with cooked to order breakfast in bed each morning. From ?1030 for a two night stay with breakfast each morning, four course dinner in West and Brown Bag cocktails at your own private bar. www.thetwelvehotel.ie

MAJORCA: Globales Verdemar Apartments 3 Star, Santa Ponsa, SC, 7 nights from £469pps, September 25, 2021, from Belfast International. To book visit: www.tui.co.uk

ALGARVE: Balaia Sol Holiday Club 3 Star, Albuferia, SC, 7 nights from £579pps, October 13, 2021. To book visit: www.tui.co.uk

COSTA DORADA: Hotel Estival Park & Apartments 4 Star, La Pineda , AI, 14 nights from 2+1 £2,489**, 2+2 from £3,289, September 7, 2021, from Belfast International. To book visit: www.firstchoice.co.uk.

COSTA DEL SOL: Nerja Club 3 Star, Nerja, HB, 7 nights from £509pps, November 17, from Belfast International. To book visit: www.firstchoice.co.uk.

BELFAST: Sparkling Summer at The Merchant Hotel from £94 per person sharing. Includes B&B and a bottle of Procescco. Includes use of the gymnasium, sauna, steam room and roof top hot tub. To book visit: www.themerchanthotel.com

BELFAST: Summer Break Away at The Malone from £129 per night. Includes: overnight accommodation, main course and glass of wine in the new Gallery Restaurant, full Irish breakfast, cooked to order, free parking, free Wi-Fi. To book visit: www.themalonehotel.com

Document BELNEL0020210618eh6i000b8




Money,Coronavirus,jobs
JOBS A GOOD 'UN Unemployment falls by 200,000 as Covid recovery continues

Lynsey Barber 
504 words
15 June 2021
06:59 PM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2021 

THE jobs market is continuing to recover from the coronavirus pandemic, new data shows.

The number of people in a job rose by 197,000 between April and May.

Read our coronavirus live blog for the latest news & updates?

There are now 28.5 million employees on company payrolls, but this is still 553,000 below the employment levels seen before the pandemic.

The rate of unemployment fell slightly to 4.7% in the three months to April, official jobs data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) shows.

The unemployment rate was 4.8% in the three months to March, after surging to a five-year high of 5.1% in February, when the number of jobless Brits at 1.74million.

Sam Beckett, ONS head of economic statistics, said: "The number of employees on payroll grew strongly in May, up by almost 200,000, although it is still over half a million down since the pandemic struck.

"Job vacancies continued to recover in the spring, and our early estimates suggest that by May the total had surpassed its pre-pandemic level, with strong growth in sectors such as hospitality.

"Meanwhile the redundancy rate remains subdued, while the number of employees on furlough has continued to decline."

The ONS data shows that the redundancy rates fell, and is now at a similar level to before the pandemic.

Job vacancies also increased between March and May, with 758,000 positions advertised.

That's just 27,000 less than January to March last year before the pandemic.

Employment minister Mims Davies said there are "real signs of recovery in the labour market".

The Prime Minister Boris Johnson yesterday pushed back the final stage of getting the country back on track after the pandemic.

The planned June 21 date for the last lockdown restrictions lifting has been delayed to July 19.

Rising cases of the Indian or Delta variant as it's also known, have derailed the government's roadmap at the last stage.

The furlough job support scheme which has supported Brits unable to work because of the pandemic will continue to September as planned.

No extension was announced as the delay was revealed..

Chancellor Rishi Sunak said: "Our Plan for Jobs is working - the latest forecasts for unemployment are around half of what was previously feared and the number of employees on payroll is at its highest level since April last year.

"We understand the value of work and the distress caused by unemployment - that is why we are continuing to support people and jobs.

"The furlough scheme is running all the way through until September and we are creating new routes into work through apprenticeships, Kickstart placements for young people as well as targeted support for the long-term unemployed."

Data released last week shows the economy grew by 2.3% in April when pubs, shops and restaurants could reopen after months of being in lockdown.

Document THESUK0020210615eh6f003pl


current
Americans Adopting New Financial Behaviors Quicker: Study; BANKING/ FINANCE

by Michael S. Fischer 
504 words
11 June 2021
Palm Beach Daily Business Review
PBDBR
A14
Volume 95; Issue 247
English
Copyright 2021 LexisNexis, a Division of Reed Elsevier, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Americans are making significant shifts in their work and retirement plans, in their payment and purchasing behaviors, and in their saving and investing, according to a new study released by Logica Research.

Some of the biggest changes have to do with increased use of payment apps, peer-to-peer payments and buy now, pay later options, the study found.

"We've conducted many waves of this study over the past few years, and never before have we seen this level of acceleration when it comes to changing financial behaviors," Logica Research's founder and chief executive, Lilah Raynor, said in a statement.

"During the height of COVID-19, we found distinct and critical shifts in how people are working, spending, saving and investing, and this latest wave shows that many of those shifts are here to stay."

The message to financial brands and fintech companies, Raynor said: Adapt to meet customers where they are now.

The online study was conducted in April among 1,000 general population U.S. adults and an augment of 200 older Generation Zers, those 16 to 23. KNow Research conducted in-depth interviews to give qualitative depth to the quantitative findings.

SHIFTS FROM SPRING 2020

The survey found that 36% of respondents still in the workforce were working more hours this spring than a year ago. In addition, 9% of respondents planned to retire early, up from 3% a year ago, and 33% said they would postpone leaving the workforce, up from 26%.

More Americans are using their mobile devices for online purchases, including 70% of millennials and 57% of women in the survey. And 32% of respondents reported using P2P now, compared with 27% last spring.

Buy now, pay later and installment plans have also grown significantly over the past year:

- Gen Z: 22% vs. 15% last spring.

- Millennials: 27% vs. 12%.

- Gen X: 24% vs. 9%.

- Baby boomers: 6% vs. 5%.

Logica Research found that Americans have been able to save more over the past year, and are likely to invest more. Sixteen percent of respondents said they are putting money into the stock market, compared with 10% a year ago.

Digital assets are also capturing Americans' attention. Thirteen percent of respondents said they own cryptocurrency, with 47% planning to own it in the next five years.

Many Americans are turning to financial institutions for support and speaking with financial advisors more often, according to the findings.

Thirty-nine percent of survey participants said they wanted to talk to a person, 28% preferred to get advice via digital tools, and 33% wanted a combination of digital and in-person advice.

Respondents said they were looking to professionals mainly for best investing practices for their situation and advice on how to save as much money as possible to achieve their financial goals.

Michael S. Fischer reports for ThinkAdvisor.com, an ALM affiliate of the Daily Business Review. Contact him at mfischer@alm.com. 

Document PBDBR00020210611eh6b0000a




GameStop Doesn't Have a Blank Check After All -- Heard on the Street

By Dan Gallagher 
504 words
10 June 2021
08:42 AM
Dow Jones Institutional News
DJDN
English
Copyright © 2021, Dow Jones & Company, Inc. 

Apparently, even meme-stock investors have their limits.

GameStop 's fiscal first-quarter results reported Wednesday afternoon were encouraging in many respects. Revenue grew for the first time in three years, surging 25% year over year to almost $1.3 billion for the quarter ended May 1. That came thanks mostly to strong sales of the new PlayStation and Xbox consoles that -- while still sharply limited in supply due to the global chip production shortage -- drove a 37% increase in GameStop 's hardware sales to about $704 million for the quarter. The company has also been able to boost its cash reserves and reduce its debt, due to selling nearly $552 million of its shares during the quarter.

But like fellow meme-stock champion AMC Entertainment, GameStop seems to have discovered that individual investor love isn't a blank check. The company said Wednesday it intends to file papers to sell up to five million shares, after selling 3.5 million shares in April.

GameStop 's stock price slid as much as 12% after hours Wednesday following the company's results and a truncated conference call that again took no questions. AMC's stock has fallen 21% since it announced its latest stock sale last week.

But even with such a sharp after-hours drop, GameStop 's shares remain up an absurd 1,300% from the start of the year. Which means the company will need all the help it can get to justify investors' bets that it can renovate a videogame retail chain for an age when most games are sold digitally. The latest results also laid out starkly what a challenge that will be.

Game software, once GameStop 's largest business, fell 5% year over year during the quarter to about $398 million. This wasn't an industrywide problem; NPD's data shows that sales of videogame content across digital and physical channels in the U.S. rose 14% during the comparable three-month period ending in April.

Strong demand for gaming products such as the newest consoles are keeping GameStop in the game for now. But the company's long-term revival can't depend on machines that are updated once every seven or eight years. And GameStop is still in the staffing-up phase of whatever its plan is. The company formally installed Chewy co-founder Ryan Cohen to the chairman slot following a successful shareholder vote on Wednesday. It also names a new chief executive and chief financial officer -- both from executive roles at Amazon.com .

Mr. Cohen told shareholders Wednesday that GameStop 's turnaround will take time. He also said the company was trying to do something in retail that no one else has done before. GameStop investors seem inclined to give the company time -- but not at any price.

Write to Dan Gallagher at dan.gallagher@wsj.com

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

June 09, 2021 18:42 ET (22:42 GMT)

Document DJDN000020210609eh69003kd




Private Properties
Real Estate
Following $33 Million NYC Buy, Hedge-Funder Spends $39.5 Million on North Palm Beach Mansion; Igor Tulchinsky bought the roughly 19,000-square-foot spread in the Seminole Landing area less than two months after purchasing an apartment inside the country's most-expensive condo tower

By Katherine Clarke 
504 words
10 June 2021
02:33 AM
The Wall Street Journal Online
WSJO
English
Copyright 2021 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Less than two months after closing on a $33 million apartment in Manhattan, Connecticut-based hedge-fund manager Igor Tulchinsky is buying again, this time a $39.5 million mansion in North Palm Beach, Fla.

Mr. Tulchinsky is the founder and chief executive of WorldQuant, a hedge fund and quantitative-investment management firm. In a statement, Mr. Tulchinsky's agent, Ryan Serhant of Serhant, said his client is "excited to spend a significant amount of time in Florida as WorldQuant expands its global presence to include West Palm Beach and Miami."

The seller of the North Palm Beach property was Jeffrey Jacobs, scion of the Cleveland real-estate family that formerly owned the Cleveland Indians. Mr. Jacobs is chairman and chief executive of Jacobs Entertainment, a developer, owner and operator of gaming and entertainment properties. He bought the land for the property roughly two decades ago and razed two smaller homes to make way for a new house. 



Igor Tulchinsky. PHOTO: Michael Bucher/The Wall Street Journal

The resulting home, which first came on the market in 2019 asking $42 million, is a nearly 19,000-square-foot mansion in the upscale Seminole Landing area. The nine-bedroom property has elaborate coffered ceilings, dramatic entertaining spaces and murals. It was designed by architect Gene Pandula, a well-known Palm Beach preservationist, to harken back to the 1920s and 1930s, when architect Maurice Fatio built the kind of Mediterranean château-style villas that have become synonymous with the area.

The property also includes a safe room that can be used as an art gallery, a movie theater and a small tower that Mr. Jacobs used to house a telescope. Reached by phone, Mr. Jacobs said he wished the buyer much joy to live there.

The Seminole Landing area is known for attracting big names. Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison recently purchased a home there from hedge-fund manager Gabe Hoffman, founder of Accipiter Capital Management, for roughly $80 million, The Wall Street Journal reported.

Mr. Serhant said the wider Palm Beach luxury market continues to be strong, more than a year after Covid-19 sent buyers from the Northeast to Florida in search of better weather and more space. Mr. Serhant recently worked on a deal to sell a Palm Beach spec home on a site once owned by President Donald Trump for $122.7 million, for instance.

Elizabeth Zahra and Gary Pohrer of Douglas Elliman represented Mr. Jacobs in the deal. Chris Leavitt of Douglas Elliman also worked with Mr. Serhant on behalf of the buyer.

Write to Katherine Clarke at katherine.clarke@wsj.com

Following $33 Million NYC Buy, Hedge-Funder Spends $39.5 Million on North Palm Beach Mansion

Document WSJO000020210609eh69003h1



Money,News Money,Car insurance
DRIVE DOWN COSTS Martin Lewis urges drivers to check car insurance ahead of rule change

Alice Grahns 
504 words
5 June 2021
11:48 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2021 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

MARTIN Lewis is urging drivers to check their car insurance ahead of a rule change on renewal policies.

From January next year, insurers will be banned from charging existing customers more than new ones.

The new measures by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) are an aim to tackle the so-called loyalty premium.

The financial regulator estimates Brits could save £4.2billion over 10 years on their car and home insurance because of the shake-up.

However, Martin Lewis warned in his weekly MoneySavingExpert newsletter that it could actually lead to higher prices in the coming months.

He said: "While the new regime starts in January, insurers will likely start to shift algorithms before - there are even signs now.

How to make sure you're not being penalised for being loyal

THE best way to beat the loyalty premium is to check if you can switch and save.

These are some of the best websites to use to find a better deal on your provider.

Remember though, if you are thinking about switching before your term is up then you could face an early exit fee.

* Broadband -Broadbandchoices.co.uk

* Home insurance - MoneySuperMarket.com

* Mobiles - BillMonitor

* Mortgages - MoneySavingExpert or use a free broker such as London & Country to help you find the best deal

* Savings accounts - Savings Champion

"This likely means the cheapest prices will disappear rapidly for those who compare and switch.

"So I suggest everyone check as soon as possible to see if you can cut costs by grabbing cheaper switchers' deals."

Even if your policy isn't up for renewal, it could be worth switching now to lock in cheaper prices, as long as the savings are big, Martin added.

Most insurers let you switch for a £50 cancellation fee and will give you a pro-rata refund, if you haven't claimed on the policy.

To find the cheapest car insurance for you, check comparison sites such as Compare the Market and Go Compare as well as with providers directly.

Cashback websites including TopCashback and Quidco are also a great way to earn some extra money if you're moving to a new provider.

Analysis by MoneySavingExpert has found that 23 days ahead of renewal is the best time to get a new car insurance quote, and it could halve costs.

We've rounded up nine ways to save on your car insurance, which can cut your bill by up to £2,800 a year.

It comes as homeowners are facing higher insurance premiums than at any time in the past seven years due to the Covid crisis.

While car insurers faced pressure last year to refund motorists unable to use their cars during lockdown, paying for policies they didn't need.

Motorists are set to save up to £35 a year on their car insurance premiums as new rules for whiplash claims came into force in May.

Document THESCOT020210605eh650058x


Lifestyle,Money
StepChange announces nearly one in 10 Scottish clients in debt due to economic fallout from Covid

By Linda Howard 
504 words
4 June 2021
11:06 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2021 Reach Plc 

The debt charity said the average client rent arrears increased by 43% last year.

More than 31,500 people in Scotland sought help fromStepChange, and over 11,000 went through a full debt advice process during 2020, according to the charity's latest Scotland in the Red update.

Thedebt charitysaid the average client rent arrears increased by 43 per cent last year - one of the most worrying impacts of thepandemicand a very clear warning that continuing support will be needed for many households if recovery frompost-Covid debtis to be achieved.

A recent YouGov poll showed thousands of Scots arestruggling with debtand are behind on essential bills likeCouncil Taxand rent, with more than a fifth using credit to make ends meet and cover essential costs.

Around one in 10 clients explicitly identified Covid-19 as a reason for theirfinancial difficulties, despite government and regulatory intervention and temporary additional support.

How to successfully manage your Universal Credit, PIP, ESA or other benefits claim from DWP and HMRC

Scottish charity launches new campaign as half of debt clients admit they should have sought help sooner

StepChange said the most common debts held by clients were Credit Cards (70%) and loans (53%).

In terms of household bills, significant proportions of clients were struggling with Council Tax (43%), rent and utilities.

Around half of those seeking help had some form of additional vulnerability as well as their problem debt.

Financial help available in Scotland

Sharon Bell, Head of StepChange Scotland Debt Charity, said: "The past year has presented households with unprecedented challenges, thrown those just getting by into real financial difficulty and exacerbated the difficulties of those who were already struggling.

"It is particularly concerning to see so many households with additional vulnerabilities needing help. It's really important, as the country begins to look towards some light at the end of the tunnel, that concrete steps are taken to support households in problem debt who will feel they are facing a bleak financial future."

Most-Read Money Stories Today

She continued: "We are making important recommendations that would help those households. We want to see the Scottish Government build on its actions to date to ensure that any recovery does not leave financially vulnerable households behind. That should involve putting some of its emergency measures on to a permanent footing.

"Support needs to be identified for those struggling with essential costs like rent, utilities and especiallyCouncil Tax, where improvements to debt management practice are sorely needed. The good work already achieved under the Debt Advice Route Map needs to be extended, and a cross-government strategy needs to be adopted to address not just post-crisis debt solutions, but also the underlying drivers of debt."

For free, expert debt advice, visit the StepChange Debt Charity websitehere.

Get the latest money-saving and benefits news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our weekly Money newsletter .

Document DRECRONL20210604eh64002js




Australia: Sunsuper Owns Trademark for 'AUSSAVE'

504 words
28 May 2021
Australian Government News
HTAUGN
English
Copyright 2021. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

Australia, May 28 -- Sunsuper Pty . Ltd., owns the trademark (2129658) for 'AUSSAVE' till Oct. 19, 2030.

Status: registered: Registered/protected

Classes: 35 [Advertising; promotional services; business and commercial administration services; business management; business administration; business information; business appraisals; business research; office functions; database management; market research; market surveys; marketing services; internet marketing services including online advertising and directory services; accounting services; collection of business and commercial information; business retail and wholesale marketing advisory services relating to financial and superannuation products; superannuation contribution management and administration, payroll processing and administration; database management; human resources services; advertising and promotional services provided via video broadcasts and other experiential media; promotion of goods and services; providing information, consultancy and advisory services, including online, in relation to the foregoing] and 36 [Financial services; financial management; providing financial information; financial fund management; financial valuations; financial research; financial investigation services; financial sponsorship; financial planning; conducting financial feasibility studies; banking services; finance and mortgage brokering; mortgage management; wholesale financial services; corporate financial services, institutional financial services; corporate, institutional, wholesale and retail lending services; loan services; financial analysis; financial portfolio management; sourcing, advising and managing infrastructure funding and assets; deposit services; provision of online financial calculators and tools; mortgage and superannuation trusteeship; currency exchange services; wealth management and protection services; share trading; options trading; research services relating to finance, superannuation and investment; electronic money transfer services; bank card services; financial and investment analysis and consulting services; superannuation services; services relating to the investment, management, operation, administration and development of superannuation funds and schemes; superannuation and financial services provided via a global computer network; provision of superannuation information and investment information; trusteeship of superannuation funds; provision of superannuation support services to individuals, employers and policy committees; pension and retirement and superannuation plans and funds; retirement payment and planning services; establishment and operation of superannuation funds, personal superannuation funds and self-employed superannuation funds; insurance services; insurance investigations; providing insurance information; life insurance; monetary affairs; investment services; investment management; investment of funds; management of investment monies, including fund management; unit trust management; portfolio tracking and analysis services; providing information about investments and securities; brokerage; brokerage services being insurance brokerage, brokerage of vehicles and other consumer goods, including identification, assessment, negotiation and advisory services in connection with purchase of vehicles, and other consumer goods and services; actuarial services; real estate affairs; issuing of tokens of value in relation to customer loyalty schemes; issuing of vouchers or tokens of value in relation to the supply of benefits for customer loyalty and frequent buyer schemes; comparison of performance of securities; providing information, consultancy and advisory services, including online, in relation to the foregoing]

Type of Mark: Word

Date of Acceptance: Jan. 4

Registration Advertised: May 27

For further details contact ALLENS PATENT & TRADE MARK ATTORNEYS.

The original document can be viewed at: https://search.ipaustralia.gov.au/trademarks/search/view/2129658    .

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document HTAUGN0020210529eh5s00008


News,UK & World
Violent cop who kicked handcuffed teen in face forfeits pension

By Rebekah McVey 
504 words
28 May 2021
09:44 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2021 Reach Plc 

Adam Kitchener was jailed for 14 weeks following the assault.

A formerpolice officerwho was who was jailed after kicking a handcuffed teen in the face has been made to forfeit part of his pension.

Adam Kitchener "used his foot as a weapon"and told the 15-year-old boy sarcastically: "Oops, sorry mate, I didn't see you there"Bristol Live reported.

This is the first case of its kind in Avon and Somerset which saw Kitchener resigning from the force the day beforehe was jailed for 14 weeksafter admitting assault.

He had been in uniform for 10 years and joined the force in 2016 after previously working for Thames Valley and the Metropolitan Police.

Chief constable Andy Marsh told a misconduct panel in November 2019 Kitchener, then 36, would have been sacked if he had not already resigned.

Scots gangland enforcer kills mum and son by pouring petrol through letterbox and torching their home

Police officers can be made to forfeit their pensions if they are convicted of a criminal offence committed in connection with their service as a member of a police force that could result in a serious loss of confidence.

In her final weeks as police and crime commissioner, Sue Mountstevens ruled that Kitchener should lose 10 per cent of his pension.

A spokesperson for her office said this was the first pension forfeiture in Avon and Somerset.

The decision notice said: "Having taken into consideration all relevant factors, details of the pension of which Mr Kitchener is entitled, and considering the pension regulations, it is my decision that Mr Kitchener should forfeit 10 per cent of his pension forthwith.

Top news stories today

"The forfeiture is not greater than 65 per cent of the pension remaining after taking into account the officer's own contributions to the pension, which cannot be subject to forfeiture."

The value of the forfeiture is dependent on many variables and was considered by several people including the PCC, the chief executive of her office and an independent panel member, alongside legal advice that considered stated cases.

Following a complaint, inspectors at the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) launched an investigation into Kitchener's use of force on the boy.

Ex international golfer jailed after sex attack on boy at Scots golf tournament

A colleague told investigators he was in "disbelief" and he had "never seen such use of force in 10 years of policing".

Following the investigation, IOPC regional director Catrin Evans said: "Police officers should only use force when necessary, proportionate and reasonable in the circumstances.

"We carried out a thorough investigation after complaints were made about a 15-year-old boy being kicked in the face by former PC Kitchener during an arrest.

"The evidence strongly suggested the level of force used by the officer was disproportionate."

Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond - Sign up to our daily newsletter here.

Document DRECRONL20210528eh5s001mh




PMN Business
Investors increase Exxon holdings as activists' pressure push shares higher

504 words
17 May 2021
Postmedia Breaking News
CWNS
English
Copyright © 2021 Postmedia Breaking News 

BOSTON - A number of prominent investment managers were so convinced that newcomer activist investor Engine No. 1 could successfully push for changes at Exxon Mobil Corp that they added to their holdings in the oil company in the first months of 2021.

Fidelity Management & Research Company, which oversees nearly $5 trillion in retirement and college savings accounts, as well as hedge funds Millennium Management and Laurion Capital Management made sizable purchases during the first quarter, regulatory filings show. Hedge fund D.E. Shaw, which was also engaging with Exxon management, also increased its holdings, the filings show.

Banking giants Bank of America Global Research and Mellon Investments also added to their holdings, the filings show.

These investors welcomed the roughly 34% gain in Exxon's share price during the first 12 weeks of 2021, after months of watching the stock slide to a low of $31.11 in late October. The company was removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average in August as many speculated that a dividend cut was coming.

By early December Engine No. 1, a $250 million hedge fund, had invested some $40 million in Exxon and was publicly criticizing the oil major for lagging behind in its approach to lower-carbon energy and for poor returns on past fossil fuel investments. For the first time ever, climate change was playing a major role in the election of directors at a big U.S. company.

Since Engine No. 1 unveiled its campaign at Exxon, the stock price has climbed 47% and proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services noted that both Exxon and the hedge fund have claimed credit for the improvement.

Behind the scenes, D.E. Shaw, which owned roughly 5.6 million shares in Exxon at the end of the first quarter, also pushed the company to make changes. Amid its prodding, Exxon added two new board members, moves that underpinned confidence and helped push the share price higher.

D.E. Shaw raised its stake by 39% during the first quarter and Fidelity raised its stake by 20%, buying 14.6 million shares to own 85.2 million shares on March 31, the filings show.

Exxon did not reply to a request for comment on the so-called 13F filings. These releases are backward looking but are closely watched for possible investment trends and hints on where activists may want to push for changes next.

Other investors cut or liquidated their holdings in Exxon during the first quarter, possibly to lock in gains at time of uncertainty over the outcome of the bitter proxy fight. Shareholders will vote on directors and a handful of other matters on May 26.

Hedge fund Adage Capital slashed its holding by nearly 50%, selling 6.3 million shares to end up with 6.5 million shares at the end of the quarter. Holocene Advisors sold all 3.7 million shares that it had owned. (Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by David Gregorio)

Document CWNS000020210517eh5h007c4




Oregon State Legislature - Oregon Senate Democrats Protect Homeowners

Oregon State Legislature published this content on 17 May 2021 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by PUBT, unedited and unaltered, on 17 May 2021 22:24:28 UTC.
504 words
17 May 2021
U.S. Local Government News via PUBT
USLGN
English
Copyright 2021. As included in the Information 

Oregon Senate Democrats Protect Homeowners

OREGON SENATE DEMOCRATS

Salem, Oregon

Oregon State Legislature

PRESS RELEASE

May 17, 2021

CONTACT: Amanda Kraus, 503-986-1074

Amanda.Kraus@oregonlegislature.gov

Oregon Senate Democrats Protect Homeowners

SALEM - Today on a 19-9 vote, the Oregon Senate passed House Bill 2009, a bill to reestablish the residential foreclosure moratorium in order to provide protections for homeowners who have struggled throughout the COVID-19 public health emergency.

During the first Special Session of 2020, Senate Democrats passed House Bill 4204, which placed a moratorium on foreclosing residential and commercial properties until September 30, 2020. Governor Kate Brown extended the moratorium until December 31, 2021. House Bill 2009 reestablishes the moratorium on residential foreclosures through July 1, 2021 and gives the governor the ability to extend the moratorium for 90-day increments through the end of the year in order to be responsive to changing circumstances and available relief.

"In every measure, BIPOC communities have been hardest hit by this health crisis. They've experienced disproportionate job loss and a legacy of systemic racism has resulted in a recovery that has been inequitable and has furthered oppression," said Senator Kayse Jama (D-East Portland) who chairs the Senate Committee on Housing and Development. "In the last foreclosure crisis, BIPOC homeowners were more likely to lose their homes and felt greater housing insecurity, we know that is true today as well. When we keep people in their homes, we contribute to their health, their outcomes and opportunity for their children."

Following the Special Session in June of 2020 a workgroup convened allowing stakeholders to collaborate and create a policy that would function for lenders and mortgage holders. House Bill 2009 is a product of that collaborative work.

"We have seen a recession before. House Bill 2009 is representative of what we learned from the last recession. So many - through no fault of their own - were not able to keep up with their mortgage during the pandemic," said Senator Beyer, who carried the bill on the Senate floor. "Not only does this bill provide homeowners with stability to thrive we maintain the value of the properties in their community and avoid a hit to our economy. By taking this step, we all win."

Senators Beyer and Jama expressed their gratitude to Representatives Julie Fahey and Paul Holvey who brought the bill forward and worked diligently with stakeholders on this important policy.

House Bill 2009 now goes to the House of Representatives for concurrence and then goes to the Governor's desk for final approval.

###

* Original document

Disclaimer

Oregon State Legislature published this content on 17 May 2021 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 17 May 2021 22:25:17 UTC.

Document USLGN00020210517eh5h005pm




Melinda Gates reportedly hired trust and estate lawyers in her divorce from Bill Gates, an 'unusual' move signaling that she could tweak their 3 kids' $10 million inheritance

feedback@businessinsider.com (Katie Canales) 
504 words
18 May 2021
04:22 AM
Business Insider
BIZINS
English
Copyright 2021. Insider Inc 

Summary List Placement

Melinda Gates named trust and estate lawyers in her filing for divorce from Bill Gates, according to a new report from Page Six.

The premier divorce lawyer Robert Cohen, with the firm Cohen Clair Lens Greifer Thorpe & Rottenstreich, is representing Melinda Gates in the divorce, a firm that has also repped the likes of Michael Bloomberg and Ivana Trump, former President Donald Trump's first wife, as Page Six notes. Melinda Gates also listed the estate planning attorney Loretta Ippolito and Bruce Birenboim with the firm Paul Weiss in her filings.

Ippolito advises clients on "complex estate planning issues," per her profile on the Paul Weiss website, including domestic trust planning and the "disposition of appreciated property."

Trust and estate planning lawyers typically help you plan how to leave your assets to beneficiaries upon your death, according to the personal finance website The Balance.

Experts told the outlet that it's "most unusual for trust and estate lawyers' names to be listed on a divorce filing," and the move could mean that Melinda Gates may want to change the amount of money that their kids inherit.

Melinda and Bill Gates have three children together, including one who is a nationally ranked equestrian show jumper. Bill Gates has said that their children will inherit $10 million each, and the rest of the couple's sizable $130 billion fortune will go to charity.

Representatives for Melinda and Bill Gates did not immediately respond to Insider's request for comment.

Divorce lawyer Harriet Newman Cohen told Page Six that Melinda Gates's potential changing of their children's inheritance could also signal a sense of empowerment as she attempts to lay claim to her portion of the vast Gates fortune.

Read more: How the ultrarich avoid messy public divorce battles by keeping their disputes out of court

Melinda and Bill Gates announced they were ending their 27-year marriage on May 3, stunning those in the technology and philanthropic worlds.

Reports have since surfaced detailing how Melinda Gates started talking with divorce lawyers in 2019 after news became public of her husband's ties with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Bill Gates and Epstein reportedly met multiple times between 2011 and 2014.

Bill Gates said in 2019 that he had indeed met the late financier but did not have "any business relationship or friendship with him."

NOW WATCH: What makes 'Parasite' so shocking is the twist that happens in a 10-minute sequence

See Also:

* Bill Gates reportedly told his golf buddies that his marriage to Melinda Gates was 'loveless'

* Melinda Gates reportedly sought out divorce lawyers in 2019 when news of Bill Gates's ties to Jeffrey Epstein surfaced. Here's how the two men were connected.

* Bill and Melinda Gates' first divorce hearing is set for this Friday

Document BIZINS0020210517eh5h00132


Lifestyle,Money
State Pension age changes could affect when you retire - check yours now

By Linda Howard 
504 words
14 May 2021
09:05 PM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2021 Reach Plc 

The qualifying age for State Pension will rise to 68 between 2037 and 2039.

TheState Pensionage is regularly reviewed to make sure that it is affordable and fair as people are living longer and spending a greater proportion of their adult life inretirementthan in the past.

TheDepartment for Work and Pensions(DWP) said that "when the State Pension was introduced in 1948, a 65-year-old could expect to spend 13.5 years receiving the benefit, around 23 per cent of their adult life".

However, this has been increasing ever since and it is now estimated that a 65-year-old can expect to live for another 22.8 years, or 33.6 per cent of their adult life inretirement.

The latest projections from the Office for National Statistics show that the number of people over State Pension age in the UK is expected to grow by a third to 16.9 million in 2042.

Major changes to PIP, DLA and Attendance Allowance will begin over the next two years

Full State Pension - this is how many years you need to work before retiring

As a result, the UK Government hasimplemented a timetablefor increasing the State Pension age to 68 between 2037 and 2039.

Born on or before April 5, 1970 - no change

Born between April 6, 1970 and April 5, 1978 - your State Pension age is currently 67, it will increase to between 67 years and 1 month, and 68 years, depending on your date of birth

Born after April 6, 1978 - no change, your State Pension age will be 68

Latest Pensions News

With all these changes it can be hard for people to know exactly when they will qualify forState Pensionand be able to retire.

Fortunately, theUK Governmenthas provided a free and easy to use online tool which gives an exact date for State Pension qualification, just by entering your gender and date of birth.

The tool provides information on when the user will:

Reach State Pension age

Qualify for Pension Credit

Be eligible for free bus travel - which is 60-years-old for everyone in Scotland

Most-Read Money Stories Today

Choose whether you are looking to calculate yourState Pension ageor bus pass age - you can do one, then check the other.

Once theState Pension ageoption is selected, input your date of birth.

Next, select whether you're a man or woman.

The final screen reveals the exact date that you will reach State Pension age.

It's also possible from this screen to get information on when you could become eligible for Pension Credit, get a pension forecast or receive other State Pension information.

Check your State Pension age on the GOV.UK websitehere.

Get the latest money saving and benefits news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our weekly Money newsletter.

People of State Pension age with arthritis co

uld get up to £358 extra a month from DWP

Document DRECRONL20210510eh5a00133




ScholarShare 529 Helping Families Save for College This 529 Day

504 words
12 May 2021
01:00 AM
GlobeNewswire
PZON
English
© Copyright 2021 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

ScholarShare 529 Helping Families Save for College This 529 Day

The 529 Day offer provides a $50 savings kickstart, as Californians continue to prioritize college savings

SACRAMENTO, Calif., May 11, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- With California families saving for college in record numbers, new college savers can take advantage of a special offer to commemorate 529 Day, May 29th, this year. ScholarShare 529 -- California's official college savings plan -- is offering a $50 bonus for families who open a new account with $50 or more between May 24 and May 31, and set up automatic monthly contributions of $25 or more for six months.

"There is no better time to save for college, and this year's ScholarShare 529 Day offer provides a great foundation to get started," said California State Treasurer Fiona Ma. "As thousands of families continue to save for college, we encourage all Californians to join them by taking advantage of this offer to invest in their children's future."

For more than a year, California families have prioritized saving for college despite COVID-19 challenges. ScholarShare 529 recently eclipsed $12 billion in assets under management, and posted record growth in 2020. The positive growth is continuing in 2021, with the number of new accounts opened in the first quarter up 9% compared to the first quarter of 2020, and contributions up nearly 14% during the same timeframe.

ScholarShare 529 provides several benefits that make the plan a powerful choice for college savers. The combination of 100% tax-free growth and low costs (ScholarShare 529 fees are less than half the national average) can mean more money for college. Saving with ScholarShare 529 provides flexibility to use funds at any accredited school, and the plan's smart investment strategies support wide-ranging savings goals and timelines.

To learn more about the 529 Day promotion and how you can participate, visit www.ScholarShare529.com/529Day.

About ScholarShare 529

ScholarShare 529 serves as California's official college savings plan. Administered by the ScholarShare Investment Board, ScholarShare 529 provides families with a valuable tool that offers a diverse set of investment options, tax-deferred growth, and withdrawals free from state and federal taxes when used for qualified higher education expenses, such as tuition and fees, books, certain room and board costs, computer equipment, and other required supplies. ScholarShare 529 manages $12.2 billion in plan assets across more than 359,000 accounts as of 4/30/2021.

To open a ScholarShare 529 account or get more information about the plan, visit www.ScholarShare529.com. For information about the ScholarShare Investment Board, visit www.treasurer.ca.gov/scholarshare, like ScholarShare 529 on Facebook at www.facebook.com/scholarshare529, subscribe to the YouTube channel at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtlSHU65BSCSpYCAmSVXl4Q and follow them on Twitter at @ScholarShare529.

Media Contact

Ryan Hoffman

rhoffman@wearecsg.com

A photo accompanying this announcement is available at https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/0527f37c-5ea8-4e58-bbb8-53ba479a3e4a

(END)

Document PZON000020210511eh5b000bk




Blog
Tamayo's 'Naturaleza muerta' to Highlight Christie's Latin American Art Sale

By Fang Block 
504 words
6 May 2021
08:22 AM
Barron's Blogs
WCBBE
English
Copyright 2021 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 

Christie's Latin American art sale in New York, a live event on May 19, will feature a range of modern and contemporary pieces as well as 17th- and 18th-century Spanish colonial paintings.

The auction will be headlined by Naturaleza muerta by Mexican painter Rufino Tamayo (1899-1991), which has a presale estimate between US$1.8 million and US$2.5 million.

Created in 1935, the painting embodies Tamayo's signature style, which combines modern European painting techniques with Mexican folk themes. At the center of the painting are two bottles, one with a label showing just the word "Mexico," while the other reads "Tamayo."

Other vessels and fruits on the table mostly evoke the feel of European Cubism except for three pink watermelon slices, a motif directly related to Tamayo's childhood spent in Oaxaca and Mexico City, Christie's said.

Naturaleza muerta was originally in the collection of Edward Chodorov, a prolific Broadway playwright and movie producer. Later, the painting was acquired by Fanny Brice, a comedian and actress best known as the creator and star of the radio comedy series "The Baby Snooks Show." From there, the painting found a home with Mary-Anne Martin Fine Art, a New York art gallery focusing on Mexican and Latin American art, and from which the current owner-whose identity was not disclosed-acquired the painting, according to the auction house.

"This sale covers the wide breadth of Latin American art, from Spanish colonial paintings to contemporary works," Virgilio Garza, head of Latin American art at Christie's, said in a statement. "The sale features stellar works by modern masters of the category, including significant works by Fernando Botero, Tamayo and more."

Another highlight of the sale is Colombian artist and sculptor Botero's The Bather, 1975, appearing at auction for the first time with an estimate between US$1.8 million and US$2.5 million.

The triptych shows the subject, an imposing, rotund woman, from the front, back and side. In each panel, she dwarfs her male companions either swimming in the pistachio-green pool or resting on a pink towel.

Some of Botero's works on paper are also offered for sale, including Dancers, with a low estimate of US$700,000, and Still Life with Soup Tureen and Watermelon, estimated to sell for more than US$150,000.

The 100-lot auction, with an estimated total of more than US$10 million, also includes 22 examples of Spanish colonial works, which have seen a growing demand from American and European collectors as well as institutions.

This group is led by Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe, circa 1750, with a presale estimate between US$40,000 and US$60,000.

The items can be viewed, by appointment only, from now until May 19 at Christie's Rockefeller Center galleries in New York.

Tamayo's 'Naturaleza muerta' to Highlight Christie's Latin American Art Sale

Document WCBBE00020210505eh550008d




Intelligent.com Announces Best Online Community Colleges for 2021

504 words
5 May 2021
11:00 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2021    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 


Degree holders gain increased earning potential with career opportunities upon graduation from these top ranked online programs. 
 

SEATTLE, May 4, 2021 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- Intelligent.com, a trusted resource for online degree rankings and higher education planning, has announced the top online programs for 2021. The comprehensive research guide is based on an assessment of 1,280 accredited colleges and universities in the nation. Each program is evaluated based on curriculum quality, graduation rate, reputation, and post-graduate employment. The methodology also uses an algorithm which collects and analyzes multiple rankings into one score to easily compare each school.

Students who pursue any one of these programs can expect to gain employment much quicker in comparison to candidates without a degree. In addition to accessibility and cost, the steady job growth in this market is one of the many reasons Intelligent.com researched and ranked the Top Online Community Colleges.

Intelligent.com analyzed 286 schools, on a scale of 0 to 100, with only 59 making it to the final list for Online Community Colleges. To access the complete ranking, please visit: https://www.intelligent.com/best-online-community-colleges/

2021 Online Community Colleges featured on Intelligent.com (in alphabetical order):

Alamo Colleges District

Albany Technical College

Anoka-Ramsey Community College

Arkansas Northeastern College

Barton County Community College

Bismarck State College

Bladen Community College

Broward College

Brunswick Community College

Bucks County Community College

Carl Albert State College

Casper College

Cedar Valley College

Central Piedmont Community College

Cerro Coso Community College

Citrus College

Coastal Pines Technical College

Cochise College

Colby Community College

Community College of Aurora

Copiah-Lincoln Community College

Cossatot Community College of the University, Arkansas

Cowley College

Craven Community College

Cuyahoga Community College

Daytona State College

Eastern New Mexico University

Fayetteville Technical Community College

Florida State College at Jacksonville

Forsyth Technical Community College

Gaston College

Georgia Southern University

Ivy Tech Community College

Mesa Community College

Mid-Plains Community College

Minnesota State Community and Technical College

Northcentral Technical College

Northern Virginia Community College

Northwest Florida State College

Northwest Mississippi Community College

Ocean County College

Odessa College

Ozarks Technical Community College

Piedmont Technical College

Pitt Community College

Quincy College

Rowan College, Burlington County

Santa Barbara City College

Sauk Valley Community College

Seminole State College

Shoreline Community College

Sinclair Community College

Southeastern Illinois College

Southern Arkansas University Tech

Tarrant County College

Trident Technical College

Tulsa Community College

Wayne Community College

Wiregrass Georgia Technical College

About Intelligent.com

Intelligent.com provides unbiased research to help students make informed decisions about higher education programs. The website offers curated guides which include the best degree programs as well as information about financial aid, internships and even study strategies. With comprehensive, user-friendly guides and hundreds of program rankings, Intelligent.com is a trusted source among students and prospective students. To learn more, please visit https://www.intelligent.com/.

Media Contact

Jase Beard, Intelligent.com, (800) 856-4908, jasebeard@intelligent.com

SOURCE Intelligent.com

/Web site: https://www.intelligent.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020210505eh550000j




Money
Frugal savers effectively paying banks to hold their cash

John Collett 
504 words
5 May 2021
The Sydney Morning Herald
SMHH
First
2
English
© 2021 Copyright John Fairfax Holdings Limited. www.smh.com.au

Consumer savings have continued to grow strongly during the pandemic as more people get their personal finances in order, but billions of dollars of those extra savings are sitting in bank accounts earning next to nothing in interest.

The amount of interest paid on bank deposits is nowhere near the rate at which prices are rising.

The Consumer Price Index, which measures inflation, rose 1.1 per cent in the year ended March 31, Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) figures show. That means savers are effectively paying the bank to hold their money, in real terms.

Figures from the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA), analysed by RateCity, show an additional $124 billion was on deposit in March this year, compared to March 2020, as the economic and health implications of COVID-19 took hold. That is an increase of more than 12 per cent and includes savings, term deposits and transaction accounts, as well mortgage offset accounts.

RateCity research director Sally Tindall says families have prioritised savings during COVID-19.

"Since the pandemic hit, many have put their personal finances first, getting themselves into a stronger position so they can tackle future challenges," she says.

Tindall says lockdowns, lower interest rates and COVID-19 induced initiatives have helped many families to build a savings buffer.

At the same time, interest rates paid on savings have plummeted.

"Banks are full to the brim with cash from households. As a result, they simply aren't willing to pay anything more than peanuts [in interest]," Tindall says.

The official cash rate is 0.1 per cent and the big banks have slashed interest rates on saving accounts.

Rabobank Australia's High Interest Savings Account pays interest of 1.5 per cent - the highest standard saver rate available - but only for the first four months after an account is opened. Later, the rate reverts to 0.25 per cent.

There are some better deals around if you meet specific criteria. For example, Westpac's Life Account is paying up to 3 per cent interest to those aged between 18 and 29, up to the first $30,000. Bank of Queensland's Fast Track Starter Account also pays up to 3 per cent for those savers aged between 14 to 24, up to the first $10,000. These are conditional saver accounts, where the higher rate of interest is paid as long as conditions are met.

RateCity's Tindall says for those with mortgages, an offset account can be a good place to park some savings. Money held in an offset account reduces the amount of mortgage owed, reducing interest payable on the total loan balance.

The effective rate of interest on money in the offset account is the mortgage interest rate. The average rate on mortgages with offset accounts listed on RateCity's database is 3.43 per cent.

The money deposited in an offset account is "on call" and can be accessed at any time.

Document SMHH000020210504eh550002c




State pension calculation rules alter following Brexit - check now if you're moving abroad

Connor Coombe-Whitlock 
504 words
4 May 2021
04:52 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2021 

STATE pension rules were changed recently as a result of the UK leaving the EU. Going forward, the Government intends to change how UK state pensions are calculated for those who live abroad.

State pension payment calculations are set to change for those who move to the EU, EEA or Switzerland who have also lived in Australia , Canada or New Zealand. The Government confirmed this is the result of the UK leaving the EU.

Related articles

READ MORE

From January 1 2022, those in such circumstances will no longer be able to count periods living in Australia , Canada or New Zealand, towards calculating their UK state pension if both the following apply:

DON'T MISS: Pension withdrawals rise - savers issued 5 'important' questions

This change will affect people regardless of whether they've claimed their UK state pension or not.

Their state pension will be calculated, or recalculated, if already in payment using only a UK National Insurance record.

It should be noted this change will still need to be approved in Parliament.

There are also a number of circumstances where this change will not impact retirees.

DON'T MISS:

Pension auto-enrolment warning: Women struggle with minimum threshold [WARNING]

Need to work indefinitely 'all too likely': Pension dreams on hold [EXPERT]

DWP urged to lower minimum automatic enrolment age [INSIGHT]

People will not be affected by these changes if they either:

As long as a person continues to live in the same country, they will still be able to count time living in Australia, Canada or New Zealand to calculate a UK state pension.

READ MORE

If a person lives in an EU, EEA country or Switzerland their UK state pension will continue to increase every year in line with the rate paid in the UK.

To be eligible for a state pension, a person will need at least 10 years of National Insurance contributions.

The full amount of £179.60 per week will be paid to those who have at least 35 years of contributions under their belt.

State pensions can be claimed from the age of 66 but this will be increasing over the coming years.

Related articles

var iframe = document.getElementById; var pub = ''; if [1]) { pub = window.location.hostname.split[1]; } iframe.src += '&theme=' + pub; iframe.onload = function { iFrameResize; };

It should be noted state pensions will not be paid automatically, they will need to be claimed.

Claims for state pensions can be made up to four months before reaching state pension age.

Initial payments may arrive within five weeks of reaching state pension age, so long as it's claimed.

Beyond this, a full payment will arrive once every four weeks into an account of the claimant's choosing.

Related articles State pension UK: DWP urged to address 'unwieldy' carer system European confidence rises as EU state pensions outpace the UKs State pension: Which EU country has the highest retirement age?

Document EXCO000020210504eh540025u




Personal Finance Daily
How higher taxes on the rich could affect your investment goals and home prices surge 12% in February, the biggest jump since 2006

504 words
1 May 2021
07:36 PM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2021 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Tuesday's top personal finance stories

Another Tuesday (almost) in the books!

Congratulations on finishing our first-ever money challenge! We want to know what you thought. You can reach us at mlamagna@marketwatch.com and esnow@marketwatch.com.

And now for today's top stories:

How higher taxes on the rich could affect your investment and financial goals

Consider tax-advantaged investments and other ways to make your portfolio more tax efficient. Read More

My sister's home is in foreclosure, so she's moving in with our parents. She posted on Facebook that she deserves their home. What should I do?

'She is the power of attorney for my parents and will be executor of their will. She is getting a payment from Veterans Affairs to take care of them.' Read More

I saved $1.1M for retirement, earn $128K and have $22K in cash. Can I afford my dream car - an $80K Nissan GT-R?

'I'm 41 and single with no kids, and have always been a big saver.' Read More

My sister inherited the family home, but not the contents. She set up a 'garage sale' - and key items were missing. Should I pursue legal action?

'She kept saying, "I have to think about my retirement." She is 67. I think she is padding her 401(k) with everything she can get her hands on.' Read More

Is my boyfriend of 13 years entitled to half my house? I bought it 12 years ago - and he never helped with the bills

'He is now claiming that he's entitled to half the value of the house.' Read More

Popular culinary site Epicurious took away beef recipes in a 'pro-planet' move - its users didn't complain

Popular culinary site Epicurious took away all its beef recipes and promotions, a deliberate move to promote "sustainable" eating. Read More

Home prices surge 12% in February, the biggest jump since 2006 - a $35,000 gain for median-priced homes

The Mountain region, which incorporates the states traversed by the Rocky Mountains including Arizona and Idaho, saw the largest gain. Read More

The No. 1 emerging property market in America isn't in Texas or Florida - you may never even have heard of it

Previously overlooked real-estate markets brace for the 'New American Consumer.' Read More

Do you still need to wear a mask if you're fully vaccinated? The CDC has new advice

'Fully vaccinated people can still carry the virus, but are very unlikely to get sick from it,' said Dr. Victoria Ward, a clinical assistant professor at Stanford University and pediatrician Read More

The 2021 Genesis G80 vs. the 2021 Cadillac CT5-which is better?

A relative newcomer to the luxury sedan field, we compare the Genesis G80 with the Cadillac CT5, a midsize sedan that's priced more like a compact. Read More

Document MRKWC00020210427eh4r008px




Australia: J33:3 Labs Owns Trademark for 'Life Redesign 360'

504 words
1 May 2021
Australian Government News
HTAUGN
English
Copyright 2021. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

Australia, May 1 -- J33:3 Labs Pty. Ltd., owns the trademark (2121893) for 'Life Redesign 360' till Sept. 21, 2030.

Status: registered: Registered/protected

Class: 41 [Keynote speaking, Academies (education); Arranging and conducting of in-person educational forums; Education information; Educational examination; Educational seminars; Health education; Legal education services; Life coaching services (training or education services); Mentoring (education and training); Occupational health and safety services (education and training services); Organisation of competitions (education or entertainment); Organisation of exhibitions for cultural or educational purposes; Physical education; Providing information, including online, about education, training, entertainment, sporting and cultural activities; Provision of education services via an online forum; Provision of educational information; Publication of educational materials; Publication of educational texts; Rental of educational materials or apparatus; Vocational guidance (education or training advice); Coaching (training); Arranging and conducting of conferences; Correspondence courses; Film production, other than advertising films; Videotape film production, other than for advertising films; Conducting guided tours; Lending library services; Rental of lighting apparatus for theatrical sets or television studios; Modelling for artists; Movie studio services; Electronic publication of information on a wide range of topics, including online and over a global computer network; Online (electronic) publication of news; Providing online electronic publications (not downloadable); Providing online videos, not downloadable; Publication of electronic books and journals online; Publication of multimedia material online; Weblog (blog) services (online publication of journals or diaries); Providing digital music (not downloadable) from the Internet; Organisation of fashion shows for entertainment purposes; Organisation of balls; Organisation of shows (impresario services); Party planning (entertainment); Photographic reporting; Photography; Practical training (demonstration); Presentation of live performances; Publication of books; Publication of texts (other than publicity texts); Production of radio and television programmes; Radio entertainment; Sound recording services; Screenplay writing; Scriptwriting services; Arranging and conducting of seminars; Production of shows; Rental of show scenery; Songwriting; Rental of sound recordings; Rental of sports equipment (except vehicles); Rental of stage scenery; Subtitling; Arranging and conducting of symposiums; Teaching; Instruction services; Television entertainment; Theatre productions; Ticket agency services (entertainment); Tutoring; Videotape editing; Videotaping; Vocational retraining; Conducting workshops (training); Writing of texts (other than publicity texts); Recording studio services; Providing recreation facilities; Recreation information; Arranging and conducting of workshops (training); Adult training; Arranging of exhibitions for training purposes; Organisation of training courses; Training; Business training services; Book publishing; Rental of books; Rental of instructional material; Editing of written text; Video editing; Layout services, other than for advertising purposes; Production of audio and/or video recordings, other than advertising; Production of audio/visual presentations; Provision of recording studio facilities; Digital imaging services (editing of images); Religious education; Religious educational services; Religious instruction; Religious training]

Type of Mark: Word

Date of Acceptance: Dec. 23, 2020

Registration Advertised: April 30

For further details contact Acacia Law.

The original document can be viewed at: https://search.ipaustralia.gov.au/trademarks/search/view/2121893.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document HTAUGN0020210501eh510001k




U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Ways and Means - EXPERT: Brady, Neal Bipartisan Retirement Bill Holds 'Tremendous Promise' for Working Americans

U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Ways and Means published this content on 29 Apr 2021 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by PUBT, unedited and unaltered, on 29 Apr 2021 23:08:09 UTC.
504 words
29 April 2021
U.S. Government News and Documents via PUBT
USGND
English
Copyright 2021. As included in the Information 

* Original document

EXPERT: Brady, Neal Bipartisan Retirement Bill Holds 'Tremendous Promise' for Working Americans

EXPERT: Brady, Neal Bipartisan Retirement Bill Holds 'Tremendous Promise' for Working Americans

Support builds for the bipartisan bill to strengthen Americans' retirement security

April 29, 2021 - Blog

In an op-ed for CNN Business, Roger Ferguson, president and CEO of the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America-College Retirement Equities Fund (TIAA) says that now is the time to reintroduce legislation to help Americans get back on track with their retirement plans.

Ferguson notes that bipartisan proposals introduced last Congresswouldhelp Americans save for retirement at all stages of their career, particularly by having employers match employee's student loan repayments with contributions to their retirement plans, writing:

'One of the most interesting proposals contained in both pieces of legislation would allow employers to essentially match an employee's student loan repayments with contributions to the employee's retirement plan. [?] This holds tremendous promise for addressing two major financial challenges at once - the sometimes-crushing student debt burdening many workers in their 20s and 30s and the need to start saving for retirement as early as possible.'

KEY TAKEAWAYS:

The pandemic has interrupted plans for many Americans to save for retirement as they face financial and health challenges.

* According to a recent Pew Research study, half of U.S. adults reported that the economic impact of the pandemic will make it harder for them to achieve their long-term financial goals.

* A quarter of U.S. adults ages 50 or over expect that they will have to delay retirement due to the pandemic.

* Nearly 30 percent of U.S. adults say they worry every day or almost every day about their ability to save for retirement, according to the same study.

Congress should quickly address these challenges by passing the bipartisan Securing a Strong Retirement Act.

* The bill reflects the savings' needs that workers face today, by allowing workers to pay down a student loan instead of contributing to a 401(k) plan and still receive an employer match in their employees' retirement plan.

Support for the bipartisan bill continues to grow.

* The bill received the endorsement of AARP, with the advocacy group saying the bill will 'make a number of improvements' to our nation's retirement systems.'

To read the full article, click here. To learn more about the Securing a Strong Retirement Act, click here.

Disclaimer

U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Ways and Means published this content on 29 April 2021 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 29 April 2021 23:08:19 UTC.

Document USGND00020210429eh4t00af1


Food and Agriculture; Northwest A&F University Reports Findings in Food and Agriculture (Partial-film mulch returns the same gains in yield and water use efficiency as full-film mulch with reduced cost and lower pollution: a meta-analysis)

504 words
29 April 2021
Food Weekly News
FDWKN
317
English
© Copyright 2021 Food Weekly News via VerticalNews.com 

2021 MAY 6 (VerticalNews) -- By a News Reporter-Staff News Editor at Food Weekly News -- New research on Food and Agriculture is the subject of a report. According to news reporting originating from Yangling, People's Republic of China, by VerticalNews correspondents, research stated, "Plastic film mulch is widely used to improve crop yield and water use efficiency (WUE, yield per unit evapotranspiration) in semi-arid regions. It is commonly applied as partial-film mulch (PM: at least 50% soil cover) or full-film mulch (FM: complete soil cover)."

Our news editors obtained a quote from the research from Northwest A&F University, "The PM has lower economic and environmental cost; hence it would be a superior technology provided it delivers similar gains in yield and WUE in relation to FM. To solve contradictory results from individual studies, we compared FM and PM in a meta-analysis of 100 studies with 1881 comparisons (685 for wheat; 1196 for maize). Compared with bare ground, FM and PM both increased yield of wheat (20-26%) and maize (37-52%), and WUE of wheat (16-20%) and maize (38-48%), with statistically undistinguishable differences between PM and FM. The increases in crop yield and WUE were stronger at elevation > 1000 m, with annual precipitation <400 mm, and on loess soil, especially for maize."

According to the news editors, the research concluded: "We concluded that partial-film mulch could replace full-film mulch to return similar yield and WUE improvement, with reduced cost and environmental pollution."

This research has been peer-reviewed.

For more information on this research see: Partial-film mulch returns the same gains in yield and water use efficiency as full-film mulch with reduced cost and lower pollution: a meta-analysis. Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture, 2021. Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture can be contacted at: Wiley, 111 River St, Hoboken 07030-5774, NJ, USA. (Wiley-Blackwell - www.wiley.com/; Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture - onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1097-0010)

The news editors report that additional information may be obtained by contacting Caixia Luo, Key Laboratory of Plant Nutrition and the Agri-environment in Northwest China, Ministry of Agriculture, College of Resources and Environment, Northwest A&F University, Yangling, People's Republic of China. Additional authors for this research include Tong Lei, Runze Zhang, Changlu Hu, Jiaxing Xu, Victor Sadras, Xueyun Yang and Shulan Zhang.

Publisher contact information for the Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture is: Wiley, 111 River St, Hoboken 07030-5774, NJ, USA.

Keywords for this news article include: Asia, Yangling, Food and Agriculture, People's Republic of China.

Our reports deliver fact-based news of research and discoveries from around the world. Copyright 2021, NewsRx LLC

Document FDWKN00020210429eh4t0006v




$68M RAISED IN PMG FLAGSHIP PACIFIC PROPERTY FUND

Michelle Vollemaere 
504 words
28 April 2021
Waikato Times
WAIKTI
13
English
© 2021 Fairfax New Zealand Limited. All Rights Reserved. 

Unlisted commercial property funds manager PMG Property Funds Management has fully subscribed an offer to raise $68 million in its flagship fund, Pacific Property Fund.

PMG Chief Executive Officer Scott McKenzie said the offer - in one of New Zealand's largest directly-held and unlisted commercial property funds - is the largest opportunity the company has brought to market to date.

"Given the current low interest rate environment, the attractive return that Pacific Property Fund is offering investors, and the Fund's highly diversified nature, we knew there was going to be considerable interest from the public to invest," Scott McKenzie said.

"We believe the speed at which the offer was taken up is a direct reflection of the track record PMG and our funds have demonstrated over time, and investors seeking out reliable alternatives to term deposits.

"On top of that, the recent restrictions and compliance pressures placed on the residential property investment market highlights the strength, historical resilience and ease of investing in an unlisted commercial property fund like Pacific Property Fund."

The Pacific Property Fund (the Fund) offers retail investors a strong comparable forecast gross cash dividend of 7.35 cents per share per annum paid quarterly which, at the current share issue price of $1.22 per share, represents a gross cash return of 6.02 per cent per annum (paid quarterly).

From March 2021 to June 2021, the Fund expects to acquire six properties, with four of these properties to be acquired using the funds raised from the offer. Together, the six properties are valued at $128 million.

The properties to be acquired include two high-quality industrial properties (one in Christchurch and Wellington), two A-grade and recently built office properties (Anderson Lloyd House and Nexia House) in Christchurch's CBD, and two industrial properties in Auckland and Hamilton.

On settlement of all six properties, the Fund's portfolio will consist of 20 quality commercial properties with 62 tenants located across the country, achieving a total estimated portfolio value of $393 million.

PMG's chairman, Denis McMahon, said that he is pleased to see the strong response to Pacific Property Fund's latest offer.

"When we established the Fund in 2014, the aim was to grow a robust and diverse fund which would withstand major economic downturns. I believe that the performance of the Fund through the pandemic in 2020 showed that we have succeeded in doing just that," McMahon said.

Since 1 April 2016, the Fund has delivered a higher than 10 per cent total annualised return to investors.

Pacific Property Fund has also recently been rated the equivalent of a four out of five-star rating regarding its high-quality investment offering by independent investment research house, Research IP.

PMG plans to bring additional investment offerings to market this year in its five unlisted commercial property funds. To find out more on PMG's investment opportunities should contact PMG's Investor Relationships Team on 0800 219 476.

Document WAIKTI0020210427eh4s0000h




Money,Sainsbury's
ANOTHER ROUND Sainsbury's is offering 25% off 6 bottles of prosecco, champagne and wine for bank holiday weekend

Emily Downes 
504 words
27 April 2021
03:54 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2021 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

SAINSBURY'S has launched a deal today where you can get 25% off the price of booze.

The discount applies if you buy six or more bottles of wine, champagne or prosecco and you can claim the money-off orders all week.

The deal on wine, champagne and prosecco began today and it is running until Sunday (May 2).

The store is offering the deal just in time the bank holiday weekend that falls at the beginning of May.

In the deal, a 750ml bottle of posh Moet costs £17.25 with the discount - saving you £5.75 on the full price of £23.

Of course, you'll need to buy six bottles for the deal to kick in. Normally, six bottles would set you back £138 but in the offer the booze costs £103.50.

Alternatively, if you're more of a prosecco fan you can get 750ml bottles of Freixenet Prosecco for £9 each, saving you £3 per bottle.

Normally a box of six would cost £72 but the offer brings the price down to £54.

And if you're more of a fan of wine, a 750ml bottle of Oyster Bay Sauvignon Blanc was £10, but now it's down to just £7.50 when you buy a crate of six.

The 25% discount excludes any bottles that are under £5 in England or £7 in Wales.

And it also doesn't apply for bottles that are 200ml and under, as well as all Sainsbury's House wine, all fortified wine, boxed wine and gift sets.

It's worth bearing in mind that the deal is only worth it if you were already planning on buy six bottles of plonk, other wise you're spending more money than you need to.

On Sainsburys' website you can browse the wine selection where the qualifying products have a little red offer indicator displayed, which will help you determine what you can get at the bargain prices.

The deal is available online and in stores although online shoppers will need to factor in the delivery costs, which start at £1.

Or you can use the store's click and collect service thats free over £40 or £4 for anything cheaper, and the option of simply heading to your nearest supermarket is available as well.

Sainsburys has over 600 supermarkets in the UK and you can cash in on the deal at participating stores using the helpful locator tool to find out where your closest one is.

We've revealed six secrets to bagging 'yellow sticker' food from supermarkets including Sainsburys, and Tesco, Asda and Aldi too.

We also have the low down on Sainsburys' opening hours and everything you need to know about ordering online with the supermarket.

But the store has been in hot water lately as shoppers were left furious over the mystery of 'missing' Nectar bonus points.

Document THESCOT020210426eh4q00dcm




Encore
News & Commentary
What happens when worker benefits are cut? Some suggest that workers offset benefit loss with more saving elsewhere; Evidence from state and local workers suggests that doesn't always happen

Alicia H. Munnell 
504 words
26 April 2021
08:54 PM
MarketWatch
MRKWC
English
Copyright 2021 MarketWatch, Inc.    All Rights Reserved. 

Evidence from state and local workers suggests that doesn't always happen

The economist's simple life cycle model predicts that workers will respond to a $1 decrease in their defined benefit savings by increasing their supplemental savings by $1. Whether this prediction holds in practice may turn out to be very important for state and local workers.

Read: Saving for retirement? Here are 4 key lessons

Although the common story is that these workers spend a full career in government and retire with substantial defined benefit pensions, that often is not the case - all plans are not equally generous, many plans may lack the funding to pay full benefits, and one in four public sector workers is not covered by Social Security.

Read: What's the best place for you to retire? Pick what matters most - you may be surprised

In other words, a lot of reasons exist for state and local workers to augment their pensions with outside saving, and all state workers and most local workers have access to supplemental defined-contribution plans - namely 457s, 401(k)s, 401(a)s, and 403(b)s.

To see whether public workers take advantage of these options, my colleagues estimated the relationship between participation in a supplemental defined-contribution plan, on the one hand, and low wealth accumulation in a defined-benefit plan, low plan funded levels, or lack of Social Security coverage, on the other. To do this analysis, they merged individual-level data in the Survey of Income and Program Participation (SIPP) with plan-level data from the Public Plans Database (PPD).

Read: The 5 most affordable Caribbean islands to retire to - and 2 to avoid

The key results suggest that workers do respond to low contributions to their primary defined-benefit plan - the solid red bars in figure 1 below - but the magnitudes are tiny. For example, a one-percentage-point increase in the employer contribution rate is only associated with a 0.19-percentage-point decrease in the participation rate, relative to a baseline of 21%. And the striped bars in Figure 1 show that workers do not respond at all to having a very poorly funded pension plan or not having Social Security coverage.

The bottom line is that people do not always respond as theory would suggest. State and local workers may simply not be aware of how much saving is taking place through their defined benefit pension; they may not appreciate the extent to which their plan is adequately funded; and they may not understand the implications of not being covered by Social Security.

Read: This no-nonsense strategy can get you the retirement you want

Whatever the reason for the lack of response, states and localities cannot count on their workers making up for reduced pension income through supplemental savings.

Document MRKWC00020210426eh4q00335




SCAM ALERT: LOAN REPAYMENT COMPANIES SCAMMING STUDENTS, CHARGING THEM FOR SERVICES AVAILABLE FOR FREE

504 words
16 April 2021
US Fed News
INDFED
English
Copyright 2021. HT Media Limited. All rights reserved. 

FRANKFORT, Ky., April 16 -- Gov. Andy Beshear issued the following news release:

Today, Gov. Andy Beshear and the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority (KHEAA) warned that if Kentucky students owe money on federal student loans, they should watch out for scamming loan repayment companies.

The companies offering to help students lower their payments may be charging large fees for services available for free.

"My administration will always put education first, and part of that means protecting Kentucky students, after they've graduated, from predatory companies trying to take advantage of them as they pay back the loans that helped them pursue their education goals," Gov. Beshear said.

Some third-party companies claim to offer document preparation services and act as though they can help students qualify for a loan forgiveness program, but they may want upfront fees and personal and financial information. The Federal Trade Commission says it is illegal for companies to charge upfront fees before providing debt relief services.

The Governor and KHEAA warn borrowers to be skeptical about companies that:

Ask for payment up front and for monthly fees to monitor an account; Promise immediate loan forgiveness; or Ask for a student's FSA ID password and a power of attorney. "To avoid falling victim to a scam, start with the servicer the Department of Education has assigned your loan to," said Gene Hutchins, executive director of the Kentucky Higher Education Assistance Authority. "Your servicer can tell you what your options are and can help you with the forms you need. And unlike these scam companies, your servicer will never charge you a fee for their assistance."

If a student doesn't know what his or her servicer is, that information can be found at https://studentaid.gov/h/manage-loans.

If students believe they have been contacted by a scammer, they should report it to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau here and the Kentucky Attorney General's Office here.

This is KHEAA's Money Tip of the Month.

KHEAA is the state agency that administers Kentucky's grant and scholarship programs, including the Kentucky Educational Excellence Scholarship (KEES). The agency also provides financial literacy videos at itsmoney.kheaa.com and free copies of "It's Money, Baby," a guide to financial literacy, to Kentucky schools and residents upon request at publications@kheaa.com.

KHEAA's sister agency, the Kentucky Higher Education Student Loan Corporation (KHESLC), offers low-cost Advantage Loans to help students and parents pay for college or refinance student loans. For more information about Advantage Loans, visit www.advantageeducationloan.com.

Many of KHEAA's student aid programs are funded by Kentucky Lottery receipts.

For more information about Kentucky scholarships and grants, visit kheaa.com; write to KHEAA, P.O. Box 798, Frankfort, KY 40602; or call 800-928-8926, ext. 6-7214.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Document INDFED0020210417eh4g0015y


Lifestyle,Money
State Pension age changes could affect when you will be able to retire - check yours now

By Linda Howard 
504 words
17 April 2021
01:45 AM
dailyrecord.co.uk
DRECRONL
English
© 2021 Reach Plc 

The State Pension qualifying age will rise to 68 between 2037 and 2039.

TheState Pensionage is regularly reviewed to make sure that it is affordable and fair as people are living longer and spending a greater proportion of their adult life inretirementthan in the past.

TheDepartment for Work and Pensions(DWP) said that "when the State Pension was introduced in 1948, a 65-year-old could expect to spend 13.5 years receiving the benefit, around 23 per cent of their adult life".

However, this has been increasing ever since and it is now estimated that a 65-year-old can expect to live for another 22.8 years, or 33.6 per cent of their adult life inretirement.

The latest projections from the Office for National Statistics show that the number of people over State Pension age in the UK is expected to grow by a third to 16.9 million in 2042.

Half a million Universal Credit claimants hit by sudden tax debt deduction

How long PIP payments take to come through after making a new claim for the monthly benefit

As a result, the UK Government hasimplemented a timetablefor increasing the State Pension age to 68 between 2037 and 2039.

Born on or before April 5, 1970 - no change

Born between April 6, 1970 and April 5, 1978 - your State Pension age is currently 67, it will increase to between 67 years and 1 month, and 68 years, depending on your date of birth

Born after April 6, 1978 - no change, your State Pension age will be 68

With all these changes it can be hard for people to know exactly when they will qualify forState Pensionand be able to retire.

Fortunately, theUK Governmenthas provided a free and easy to use online tool which gives an exact date for State Pension qualification, just by entering your gender and date of birth.

The tool provides information on when the user will:

Reach State Pension age

Qualify for Pension Credit

Be eligible for free bus travel - which is 60-years-old for everyone in Scotland

Most-Read Money Stories Today

Choose whether you are looking to calculate yourState Pension ageor bus pass age - you can do one, then check the other.

Once theState Pension ageoption is selected, input your date of birth.

Next, select whether you're a man or woman.

The final screen reveals the exact date that you will reach State Pension age.

It's also possible from this screen to get information on when you could become eligible for Pension Credit, get a pension forecast or receive other State Pension information.

Check your State Pension age on the GOV.UK websitehere.

Get the latest money saving and benefits news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our weekly Money newsletter .

If you want full State Pension when you retire this is how many years you need to work

Document DRECRONL20210416eh4g001mf




Biden Administration continues postponement of student loan debt payments for graduates

504 words
13 April 2021
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2021, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

University of Texas - Austin ; Austin, TX - news

By

Current students and alumni will not have interest accumulating on their public student loans and alumni can defer payment until at least Sept. 30 due to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Department of Education announced on March 30.

Kyle Morgenstein, an aerospace engineering graduate student who completed his undergraduate education at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said he has about $95,000 in student loan debt. He said not having to pay payments with interest accumulating has been helpful since he started his graduate studies during the pandemic.

"Not having to pay that for this period means I can put some money away (or) I can spend on other things," Morgenstein said. "I just moved to Austin, so there's moving expenses, so it's definitely freed up a lot of other things that I wouldn't have been able to do otherwise."

When students go into graduate school right after completing undergraduate studies, they can continue to defer payments on their public loans until 6 or 9 months after graduating from their studies, depending on the type of loan, according to the federal student aid website.

Morgenstein said he planned to defer his payments until after he completed his graduate degree, but interest would have continued to accumulate without the COVID-19 relief. He said this would have caused him to pay $30,000 to $40,000 more in interest.

Angel Fletcher, radio-television-film freshman, said she plans to graduate in three years so she does not have to pay for a fourth year of college.

"I'd love to not rush my schooling and pace myself and make better grades," Fletcher said. "Instead of having $80,000 in debt, maybe I'll have $60,000 if I graduate in three years instead of four (years)."

Law professor Mechele Dickerson, who researches consumer protection and civil procedure, said there would be an economic benefit to canceling some student loan debt. She said if graduates constantly work towards paying off the student loans, they are delaying big life events such as buying a house or having children, which in the long run can have large-scale negative consequences for the economy.

According to The Hill, the Biden Administration is considering cancelling some public student debt through Congress.

Dickerson said it is hard to determine how much student loan debt forgiveness would be helpful to both the economy and the borrowers because of the disproportionate effect student loan debt has on low income students, Black students and Latinx students.

"The reality is when you look at the average amount of student loan debt, it's about 25,000," Dickerson said. "Most students don't owe 60, 70 (or) $80,000 in student loan debt."

Editor's Note: This article first appeared in the April 9 issue of The Daily Texan.

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020210413eh4d00182




SWBC Approves Stadion Managed Account

Distributed by Contify.com
504 words
6 April 2021
Contify Investment News
ATINVT
English
Copyright © 2021. Contify.com 

Watkinsville, Georgia, April 6 -- Stadion Money Management issued the following news release:

Stadion Money Management, an independent managed account provider who offers personalized retirement services to plan sponsors and their participants, announced that SWBC has approved their managed account service, StoryLine. SWBC has approved StoryLine for use under both their 3(21) and 3(38) Investment Fiduciary Services, providing a fiduciary package which offers both SWBC's plan-level and Stadion's participant-level fiduciary coverage. This approval also allows StoryLine to be selected by plan sponsors as an SWBC-approved QDIA at multiple recordkeepers.

"We believe that a managed account service can truly make a difference in helping participants improve retirement readiness. Having SWBC's approval of our managed account service validates our approach to helping individual employees prepare for their retirement," said Jud Doherty, President & CEO of Stadion. "SWBC offers a level of expertise and oversight that can be a fit for retirement plans looking for assistance with their investment options."

StoryLine is a professionally managed investment service that uses participant data provided by recordkeepers to build personalized allocations, with no engagement required. Participants can then further personalize their portfolio through an online experience. StoryLine is designed to include factors beyond a participant's target retirement date, such as salary, retirement plan balance, risk tolerance, contribution rates, and additional assets held outside of the retirement plan. StoryLine offers an easy-to-use experience, access to Stadion's U.S.-based call center and ongoing communications to promote retirement readiness.

As a 3(38) Fiduciary, SWBC is responsible for the selection, monitoring, and replacement of investment alternatives for retirement plans. "We believe our role as a fiduciary is a critical component of plan design. Our initial research and ongoing monitoring of investment solutions serves as a resource to advisors as they expand their focus in the retirement plan market. Our fiduciary services provide the framework for advisors and plan sponsors to build comprehensive retirement solutions that serve what we believe are the best interests of retirement plan participants," said Brad Ferguson, Executive Vice President of SWBC Retirement Plan Services.

About SWBC

As a diversified financial services company, SWBC provides financial institutions, businesses, and individuals a wide range of services, including insurance, mortgages, wealth management, employee benefits, and more. Headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, SWBC has partners and divisions across all 50 states and manages business around the world. No matter how wide its reach, SWBC always listens to its customers' needs, analyzes their current situations, and recommends customized solutions. For more information about our innovative approach to personalized service, visit SWBC's website at swbc.com.

About Stadion Money Management

Established in 1993, Stadion Money Management is an independent firm headquartered near Athens, Georgia. Stadion works with financial professionals and recordkeepers to build custom retirement plan and participant level investment solutions. As of 2/28/21, Stadion managed approximately $3.0 billion. Visit Stadion Money Management at www.stadionmoney.com

Source: Stadion Money Management

Document ATINVT0020210407eh46000rv




Historic level of funding available to help clinicians pay off student loan

504 words
1 April 2021
U-Wire
UWIR
English
© 2021, M2 Communications. All rights reserved. 

Southern Illinois University - Edwardsville; Edwardsville, IL - news

By

- The National Health Service Corps , a federal government program administered by the Health Resources and Services Administration , within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , received a historic $800 million from the American Rescue Plan Act signed into law by President Biden to support the largest clinician workforce in the program's nearly 50-year history. The NHSC Loan Repayment Program helps medical, dental, and mental and behavioral health clinicians pay off their student loan debt in exchange for working in a Health Professional Shortage Area - or a defined geographic area with too few providers.

"This historic program funding for NHSC means that we will provide a record number of loan repayment awards for eligible clinicians," says Dr. Luis Padilla, associate administrator of HRSA's Bureau of Health Workforce and director of NHSC. "Every community has felt COVID-19's effects and this will allow NHSC applicants to serve in communities where they may not have been competitive to receive an award before due to sites with lower HPSA scores."

The NHSC is currently taking applications for three NHSC Loan Repayment Programs until May 6, 2021. Eligible disciplines include physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, dentists, behavioral/mental health clinicians, and more. Qualified clinicians may receive up to $100,000 in educational loan repayment, depending on the award.

Providers may apply for one of three NHSC loan repayment programs:

1) NHSC Loan Repayment Program

This two-year commitment program supports clinicians with up to $50,000 to pay off their student loan debt in exchange for service at an NHSC-approved site.

2) NHSC Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Program

This three-year commitment supports the recruitment and retention of health professionals with up to $75,000. Providers must be working to combat the nation's opioid crisis, expand access to evidence-based, medication-assisted treatment, and prevent overdose deaths in underserved areas. Applicants must work at an NHSC-approved SUD treatment facility located in a HPSA.

3) NHSC Rural Community Loan Repayment Program

This three-year commitment addresses the pressing need for qualified SUD providers in rural communities and awards up to $100,000 in loan repayment funds. Applicants must work at a NHSC-approved SUD treatment facility located in a rural HPSA.

Making an Impact

Currently, over 17 million people receive care from the more than 16,000-strong NHSC network of clinicians serving in urban, rural and tribal areas. Since the NHSC began, more than 63,000 primary care medical, dental, and mental and behavioral health professionals have served. By working with the NHSC, clinicians can help ensure access to health care for everyone regardless of their ability to pay, prevent disease and illness, and care for the nation's most vulnerable people.

To learn more and apply for NHSC's Loan Repayment Program, visit NHSC.HRSA.gov/loan-repayment/.

((Distributed for UWIRE via M2 Communications www.m2.com))

Document UWIR000020210401eh410017a




Cruise,Travel,UK Travel,Staycation tips and ideas
SEACATION UK cruises: The best staycation sailings to book with Princess, Fred Olsen, P&O and Cunard from £399pp

Hannah Hopkins 
504 words
27 March 2021
03:47 AM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2021 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

UK CRUISES are proving popular, with a number of travel companies launching 'seacations' in response to continuing uncertainty over foreign travel.

Big names like Fred Olsen, Princess, Cunard and P&O are just some of the cruise companies to launch UK-based cruises recently.

Princess has just launched their UK staycations with round trips to Southampton as well as cruises with stop-off in ports at Liverpool, Glasgow and Belfast.

Fred Olsen Cruise Lines recently unveiled its UK sailings, starting in July. They'll be running 11 departures, including some on their new ships Borealis and Bolette, split between Dover and Liverpool, as well as scenic sailings to the Shetland and Orkney islands and the Isles of Scilly.

P&O has just put tickets on sale for its cruises around the UK, operating a series of short breaks on its Britannia ship, while new ship Iona will conduct seven-night itineraries. Cruises will depart from Southampton between June and September, sailing around the UK's coastline in search of good weather.

Cunard is launching UK trips on board the Queen Elizabeth. Launching from Southampton, the trips will run between July and October 2021, in time for the summer holidays.

Those interested in a seacation can find the best deals here:

* Princess Cruises UK staycations from £539pp

* P&O UK cruises from £449 per person for a three-night break on Britannia and Iona's seven-night maiden voyage starts from £1,199 per person

* Cunard UK cruises - on sale from March 31 at 10am from £599pp

* Fred Olsen UK cruises from £399pp 

There have been a slew of UK sailings launches in recent weeks, as cruise companies look to adjust to travel restrictions.

UK travel agent Hays Travel recently reported that they are seeing strong demand for domestic UK cruise sailings this summer.

Speaking to Travel Weekly chair Dame Irene Hays said: "If you go to a UK hotel, you might have one bar, one restaurant, one spa, one gym.

"But when you go on a cruise ship these days, you've got a choice, you've probably got a high calibre cabaret, a jazz and piano bar, a quiet bar, you might even have a karaoke bar."

As it stands, holidays in England can go ahead at self-contained holiday lets from April 12, so long as coronavirus rates continue to fall.

From May 17, groups of up to six people from different households or unlimited numbers of people from two households can share a holiday let together.

If you're looking for more staycation inspiration, we've found the best UK holiday parks with children's entertainment and the best holiday parks with outdoor pools and campsites with availability for summer.

There are also great UK coach trips for families, holiday park party weekenders, cheap staycation breaks with hot tubs and treehouse stays.

Document THESCOT020210326eh3q00e1m




Money,Property,UK News,Home transformations
TOP CELLAR Inside Georgian town house in Nottingham city centre on sale for £825,000 with a CAVE in its cellar

Alex Winter 
504 words
25 March 2021
10:25 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2021 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

A GEORGIAN town house on the market for £825,000 in Nottingham city centre is hiding an incredible secret beneath the floorboards.

The amazing four-bed home, which stands next door to a historic castle, has four bathrooms and a south-facing garden - but there's another hidden feature adding to the whopping price tag.

The property comes with its own cave - and the extra space has been transformed into a unique wine cellar.

The bonus room, which has been carved out of sandstone, is fully fitted with electric lights as well as racks for the current owner's extensive wine collection.

But it's not the only reason the property is likely to attract bidders.

The huge house, which was built in the late 18th Century, covers 4,000 square foot - and one of the city's top restaurants on its doorstep.

Jane Dixon, property consultant at estate agents FHP Living, said: "This is an impressive Grade II listed Georgian town house that was built within the latter part of the 18th Century.

"Within walking distance of the city centre and its associated amenities it is also close to the corner of medieval St James's Terrace and St James's Street, two of Nottingham's five original lanes.

"These five lanes created Nottingham's great medieval thoroughfare and were known as Mount Street, St James Street, Friar Lane, Hounds Gate and Castle Gate."

The five floors of accommodation include an entrance hall, an open-plan lounge and kitchen, and a kitchen island.

On the first floor, the lucky new owner will find a drawing room and guest bedroom suite, while the second floor has a large master bedroom suite and a guest bedroom.

There's another bedroom and bathroom on the top floor, while on the lower floor, there's an office and cinema room, both with vaulted ceilings.

Amazingly, it's not the only Nottingham home with a cave inside.

A flat nearby, which went on sale during the winter, boasts a cave transformed into a cinema.

The room has to be accessed via a stone staircase that leads down from the living room to the space under the property.

The new owner will find the cave behind a glass door fitted in the living room of the flat.

It's been equipped with everything film buffs need for a state-of-the-art cinema experience, including a flat-screen TV and four very comfy reclining leather armchairs.

The cave room even comes complete with its own mechanical ventilation and heat recovery system, as well as a sizeable wine chiller.

Another property in Nottingham with a cave used as a wine cellar went up for sale in 2018. The quirky home also boasted a tiny 'turret' room offering space to curl up with a book - or a glass of wine from downstairs.

Document THESCOT020210325eh3p005xy




Intelligent.com Announces Best Master's in Engineering Management Degree Programs for 2021

504 words
25 March 2021
03:45 AM
PR Newswire
PRN
English
Copyright ©    2021    PR Newswire Association LLC.    All Rights Reserved. 


Degree holders gain increased earning potential with career opportunities upon graduation from these top ranked institutions. 
 

SEATTLE, March 24, 2021 /PRNewswire-PRWeb/ -- Intelligent.com, a trusted resource for online degree rankings and higher education planning, has announced the Top 50 Master's in Engineering Management Degree Programs for 2021. The comprehensive research guide is based on an assessment of 199 accredited colleges and universities in the nation. Each program is evaluated based on curriculum quality, graduation rate, reputation, and post-graduate employment.

The 2021 rankings are calculated through a unique scoring system which includes student engagement, potential return on investment and leading third party evaluations. Intelligent.com analyzed 199 schools, on a scale of 0 to 100, with only 50 making it to the final list. The methodology also uses an algorithm which collects and analyzes multiple rankings into one score to easily compare each school.

Students who pursue any one of these programs can expect to gain employment much quicker in comparison to candidates without a degree. In addition to accessibility and cost, the steady job growth in this market is one of the many reasons Intelligent.com researched and ranked the Top Master's in Engineering Management Degree Programs. To access the complete ranking, please visit: https://www.intelligent.com/best-masters-in-engineering-management-degree-programs/

2021 Master's in Engineering Management Degree Programs featured on Intelligent.com (in alphabetical order):

Arizona State University

Arkansas State University

Christian Brothers University

Colorado State University

Drexel University

Duke University

Florida International University

George Washington University

Georgia Southern University

Johns Hopkins University

Kansas State University

Kennesaw State University

Lamar University

Lawrence Technological University

Lehigh University

Louisiana Tech University

Missouri University of Science and Technology

Oakland University

Ohio University

Oklahoma State University

Old Dominion University

Purdue University

Robert Morris University

Rowan University

Saint Cloud State University

South Dakota School of Mines & Technology

Stevens Institute of Technology

Texas A & M University, College Station

Trine University

University Of Alabama, Birmingham

University of Alabama, Huntsville

University of Arizona

University of Arkansas

University of California, Los Angeles

University of Colorado, Colorado Springs

University of Dayton

University of Idaho

University of Louisville

University of Massachusetts, Lowell

University of Michigan, Dearborn

University of Nebraska, Lincoln

University of North Carolina, Charlotte

University of South Florida

University of Southern California

University of Tennessee, Chattanooga

University of Wisconsin, Madison

University of Wisconsin, Platteville

Washington State University

Western Kentucky University

Western New England University

About Intelligent.com

Intelligent.com provides unbiased research to help students make informed decisions about higher education programs. The website offers curated guides which include the best degree programs as well as information about financial aid, internships and even study strategies. With comprehensive, user-friendly guides and hundreds of program rankings, Intelligent.com is a trusted source among students and prospective students. To learn more, please visit https://www.intelligent.com/.

Media Contact

Jase Beard, Intelligent.com, (800) 856-4908, jasebeard@intelligent.com

SOURCE Intelligent.com

(END)

Document PRN0000020210324eh3o000s4


News
Door handles removed from Courtice retirement home highlights need for better whistleblower protections: union

504 words
22 March 2021
Clarington This Week
CLARWK
English
Copyright 2021. Metroland Media Group Ltd. Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction or distribution is prohibited without permission. All Rights Reserved. 

The ongoing investigation into a Courtice retirement home - after an unknown number of residents had their door handles removed - is illustrating the need for better whistleblower protection for workers, according to the union.

"One of our members did, in fact, whistleblow. We have since made statements about needing meaningful whistleblower protection," said Stella Yeadon, a Canadian Union of Public Employees (CUPE) communications spokesperson. "The fact that there's very little regulatory oversight at retirement homes is a problem."

Yeadon said the local union representatives are focused on protecting the identity of the White Cliffe Terrace Retirement Residence whistleblower. Even the Ontario CUPE office doesn't know which Courtice worker raised concerns about the unknown number of residents being allegedly trapped in their rooms.

"Even though they've done a good thing - no one denies whistle-blowing is a good thing - there's no safety in whistle-blowing," said Yeadon.

Retirement home workers need their jobs, and many work in a culture that relies heavily on disciplinary measures, Yeadon added. During times of short-staffing, staff may fear being disciplined for not completing tasks on time, and when mistakes occur, discipline is often imposed on front-line staff without considering all the mitigating factors involved, a CUPE statement added.

Whistleblowers are protected under the Long Term Care Homes Act - it protects them from reprisal for contacting Ministry of Long Term care inspectors or to a coroner during an inquest.

Clarington Councillor Corinna Traill, who early in her law career worked briefly in labour law, said she has concerns about the fact the statute says that retaliation and reprisal are offences but does not prescribe any penalties for these offences. She said the existing health-care worker legislation should be amended to include whistleblower protections and should also add stringent penalties for violations.

"Personal support workers (PSWs) are particularly vulnerable because many of these jobs are low paying. When I was a lawyer for a union which represented PSWs at several long-term care facilities, many of the staff worked several jobs, sometimes even working at more than one long-term care facility to make ends meet. Often, these employees were single parents and visible minorities," Coun. Traill said via email.

The lesson to be taken from the investigation at White Cliffe Terrace is the provincial legislators should make the necessary changes to existing legislation to protect health-care workers, residents in long-term care, and their families, Coun. Traill added.

CUPE plans to advocate more for better whistleblower protections for front-line workers in retirement homes in light of the incident at White Cliffe Terrace, Yeadon explained. She said the issue is complicated by the lack of beds in long-term care homes and inadequate supports for residents with complex needs like dementia.

"The whole issue of elder care in alternative nursing homes and retirement homes is really brought to the forefront," said Yeadon.

- with files from May Warren.

Lead

Document CLARWK0020210323eh3m00004




Pension Credit eligibility: Who can claim pension credits?

Myriam Toua 
504 words
19 March 2021
10:22 PM
express.co.uk
EXCO
English
Copyright 2021 

PENSION CREDIT gives extra money to help with living costs for people who are State Pension age and over. But who can claim pension credits?

Some people claiming the State Pension could be entitled to extra help if they're a carer, severely disabled or responsible for a child or young person, which is called pension credits. Pension credit is separate from your State Pension, so the money you get will be on top of any existing income. Pension Credits are paid in two different ways, either the Savings Credit or the Guaranteed Credit. Pension credit is paid on a weekly basis.

Related articles

Who can claim Pension Credits?To claim pension guaranteed credit you must:

You can still be working full time or part time, as long as your income isn't too high, and unlike the State Pension, you don't need a national insurance record.

READ MORE: Martin Lewis: TV Licence payment will increase - but some won't pay

READ MORE

Before applying for guaranteed credit, it's a good idea to gather everything you can about your weekly income before applying.

Common forms of income are:

You'll also need to consider what savings and investments you have, which could include property owned; shares and other investments and money held in bank or savings accounts.

Any savings or investments over £10,000 will affect the amount of Pension Credit you're entitled to.

You will be treated as having £1 per week of income for every £500 above £10,000.

If your weekly income is less than £173.75, then the guaranteed pension credit will top you up to that amount.

If you're claiming as a couple, you'll need the exact same information about your partner's income too.

DON'T MISS

DWP issues £40,000 'MOT' boost to help Britons save for retirement [REPORT]

EU settlement scheme: DWP updates rules on benefit entitlement [INSIGHT]

Pension contributions: UK savers urged to 'boost' their pots [ANALYSIS]

READ MORE

Savings Credit is the second part of pension credit and is only available if you reached State Pension age before April 6, 2016.

The amount you can get depends on whether or not you meet the 'savings credit threshold'.

This means you must have a weekly income of at least £150.47 per week if you're single.

If you're claiming as a couple, then the income threshold is slightly higher, standing at £239.17 a week.

The income rules, however, are slightly different to the savings credit.

Don't count any income you get from:

The most you can get from Savings Credit is £13.97 a week if you're single, or £15.62 a week if you're claiming as a couple.

Related articles DWP issues state pension payment update as Post Office accounts close TV Licence: Many retirees eligible for free licence & £3,000 each year State pension income warning issued - savers urged to take action

Document EXCO000020210319eh3j007y5




Money
'Omega won't replace my defective £4,000 watch, even though it loses time'

By Sally Hamilton, Consumer champion 
504 words
15 March 2021
05:00 PM
The Telegraph Online
TELUK
English
The Telegraph Online © 2021. Telegraph Media Group Ltd. 

Has a company treated you unfairly? Our consumer champion, Sally Hamilton, is here to help

Katie Morley is on maternity leave.? Award-winning personal finance journalist Sally Hamilton will be fighting readers' corners until her return.

Has a company treated you unfairly? Our consumer champion, Sally Hamilton, is here to help. For how to contact her click here.

?

Dear Sally,

My wife bought me a new Omega Seamaster watch as a wedding present, but unfortunately it has been a source of great frustration. I received it in December 2016, but in June 2017 it developed a faulty part, which was causing it to gain time every day. It was returned to Omega UK to have the part replaced.

The watch worked perfectly until April 2019, when it failed again and so was duly returned and repaired. The watch was again working perfectly until December 2020, when it developed a third fault. This time, Omega said the lubrication had escaped and fouled the mechanism, causing the watch to lose time.

I'm reluctant to accept that a £4,000 watch has to be repaired a third time in four years. Omega will only agree to repair the watch and offer an additional warranty. I believe the watch is essentially defective and should be replaced.

Despite escalating the case with the company, it will not change its stance. I do not want to be in this position of having the watch repaired every few months - and each time it goes away, I lose the watch for a month.

- HB, by email

Dear HB,

Everyone needs a watch to be reliable, whether it's a modest make or luxury brand. But when you pay a small fortune for a timepiece, as your wife did, you don't expect it to be losing time and need repairing so frequently.

When I contacted Omega, it responded quickly, reviewed your case and said that it was happy to offer you a replacement watch after all.

You tell me you are very grateful.

Hello from me

If you have turned to this column and wondered what has happened to Katie Morley, I can tell you that she is investigating parenthood for the next few months.

Never fear, I have promised her faithfully that I will look after her loyal readers while she is away. I am what some might call a veteran personal finance journalist, having covered money matters for national newspapers for more than 25 years.

During my award-winning career, I have solved many complaints on behalf of readers and intend to keep up Katie's fantastic work at holding companies to account.

So please keep your letters and emails coming. You can find all the ways you can reach me in the box below.

The full Ask Sally column will appear in print every Saturday and Sunday. You can get an early taste every Friday at 12:00

Document TELUK00020210315eh3f000rt




Horse Racing,Betting
BOOST YOUR BETTING BANK Cheltenham bets: Get a huge £140 in FREE BETS in horse racing festival special with top bookmakers

George Boulton 
504 words
12 March 2021
11:25 PM
thescottishsun.co.uk
THESCOT
English
© 2021 News Group Newspapers Ltd. All rights reserved 

SUN RACING is on hand to help you boost your betting bank for this year's 2021 festival.

We've partnered with some of the UK's leading bookmakers and this year punters get up to £140 in free bets from betting just £25 of your own cash.

Paddy Power are giving customers £40 in free bets when they sign up and deposit just a fiver.

While William Hill and Betfair are both giving punters £50 in free bets when they sign up and bet a tenner.

So, be sure to check out these offers before placing a bet on Cheltenham!

William Hill: Bet £10 Get £50 in Free Bets (mobile only)*- HERE

Betfair: Bet £10 Get £50 in Free Bets (£10 now, £10 every day of Cheltenham)*- HERE

Paddy Power: Bet £5, Get £40 in Free Bets (£20 now, £20 for Cheltenham)* - HERE

Cheltham-William Hill's enhanced odds

* Day 1 - Back Appreciate It to win at 50/1 or 20/1 to finish in the top three

* Day 2 - Get huge 30/1 odds on Chacun Pour Soi to win Champions Chase

Commercial content notice: Taking one of the bookmaker offers featured in this article may result in a payment to The Sun. 18+. T&Cs apply. Begambleaware.org

*Terms and conditions:

William Hill: 18+. Play Safe. New customers who register via mobile only, using Promo code H50 only, Min £10/?10 stake, min odds 1/2, free bets paid as 5 x £10/?10, free bets credited after settlement of first qualifying bet, free bets will expire 30 days after the qualifying bet is placed, payment method/player/country restrictions apply. T&Cs apply. Begambleaware.org

Betfair: Min £10 deposit by Debit Card/ApplePay. Min £10 Sportsbook bet at odds of Evs (2.0) or more. Free bets valid for 7 days, a £10 free bet awarded at bet settlement, £10 awarded 16th-19th March. T&Cs apply. 18+ Begambleaware.org

Paddy Power: New Customer Offer. Place a £5 single racing bet, min odds 1/5 (1.2) and get £20 in free bets. You will also get an additional £5 in free bets for each day of the Cheltenham festival (£40 in total). Only deposits made using cards or Apple Pay will qualify for this promotion. Free bets will be awarded after the qualifying bet has been settled and are valid for 30 days. T&Cs apply. Paddy's Rewards Club: Get a £10 free bet when you place 5x bets of £10+. T&Cs apply. 18+ Begambleaware.org

Remember to gamble responsibly

A responsible gambler is someone who:

* Establishes time and monetary limits before playing

* Only gambles with money they can afford to lose

* Never chase their losses

* Doesn't gamble if they're upset, angry or depressed

* GamCare - www.gamcare.org.uk

* Gamble Aware - www.begambleaware.org

Document THESCOT020210312eh3c0063i




Fabulous
OH BABY Money-saving mum shares secret baby websites where mums-to-be can get everything they need for free

Lydia Hawken 
504 words
9 March 2021
09:40 AM
thesun.co.uk
THESUK
English
© News Group Newspapers 2021 

BEFORE welcoming your new bundle of joy, you may think you've got enough babygrows, nappies and bottles to last a lifetime - but trust us, you'll be surprised just how quickly you'll race through them.

With this in mind, if you're looking to the lighten the financial load of having a baby then you might want to take a leaf out of this savvy mum's book.

Earlier this week, bargain hunter Holly Smith - who founded the Facebook page Extreme Couponing and Bargains UK - shared her her impressive haul of pregnancy freebies she bagged online.

In a viral TikTokvideo, the soon-to-be mum-of-four showed off her bundle of Pampers nappies, baby wipes and vitamins.

After directing viewers to her blog, Holly said: "Some people wonder why baby brands give out so many freebies and it's because it's great marketing.

"For example, if you get a free pack of new baby nappies and you really like them and you go on to purchase them for the next time years? ka-ching for the brand!"

In a separate video, Holly explained how mums can get a free MAM bottle starter pack worth £9.99.

She said: "Over at the MAM website, you can get this starter pack completely free when you use the code BCTRYMEFREE at checkout.

"All you have to do is pay for postage!"

In her "Ultimate Guide to Pregnancy Freebies in the UK" blog post, Holly highlighted the top baby bargains with her 488,000 followers.

For instance, the bargain hunter praised Bounty's Mum-to-be packs which you can collect from 13 weeks pregnant and contains samples from brands such as Pampers, Huggies and Sudocrem.

Another one of Holly's tips is to download the Emma's Diary App which offers mums four "starter" packs full of freebies and can be collected from Argos and Asda.

She also pointed out how she gets freebies through the Boots Parenting Club - which gives members eight Advantage Card Points for every £1 or more spent on baby products.

What's more, Holly recommended the The Baby Box Co. which she claims gives members a box of freebies when you sign up and exclusive deals on baby products.

As well as praising Ella's Kitchen community for coupons and weaning tips, Holly directed her followers towards Pampers Baby Club which offers members "a £30 Ergobaby promo code valid on Ergobaby purchases of £60 or more."

For more parenting stories, this mum made an epic sleepover den using £20 frame, fairy lights and sheets.

And this couple claimed this '3×3' rule can save your marriage - and it's a must-try if you're stressed out with the kids.

Plus people slam this mum for how she talk about Father Christmas & the Tooth Fairy to her kids - but reckons THEY'RE in the wrong.

Document THESUK0020210308eh3800mgd




COVID-19 vaccinations in Ontario long-term care homes saved hundreds of lives: report

Holly McKenzie-Sutter 
The Canadian Press 
504 words
9 March 2021
04:35 AM
The Canadian Press
CPR
English
(c) 2021 The Canadian Press. All rights reserved. 

Vaccinations in Ontario long-term care homes have prevented hundreds of COVID-19 deaths and thousands of infections, scientists advising the province said in a report released Monday.

The Ontario COVID-19 Science Advisory Table said that eight weeks after vaccinations began in December, infections were reduced by 89 per cent among long-term care residents and by 79 per cent among workers.

Deaths from COVID-19 among long-term care residents were reduced by 96 per cent over the same period. 

"These data highlight the importance of accelerating vaccine rollout to priority populations who are at disproportionately high risk of SARS-CoV-2 infection, COVID-19 hospitalization and death," the report said. 

Ontario's vaccine rollout began in December with long-term care workers after Health Canada approved the Pfizer-BioNTech shot for use in the country. Nursing home residents started to get vaccinated towards the end of that month. 

Those two groups were prioritized for vaccines given the high rates of deaths and infections in the long-term care sector since the pandemic began. 

The report noted that long-term care residents represent less than one per cent of Ontario's population but have made up more than half of the COVID-19 deaths in the province. 

The researchers behind the report estimated that vaccinations prevented more than 2,600 infections, 250 hospitalizations and 615 deaths, most of those among residents, between Dec. 14, 2020 and Feb. 23. 

The report noted that 92 per cent of long-term care residents had received at least one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine by Feb. 23, with that number rising to 95 per cent by March 5.

Monday's report also said strong provincewide public health measures implemented in December and January had worked along with vaccinations to prevent infections.

"This emphasizes that public health measures will need to be maintained alongside vaccination, until vaccine-based immunity has been afforded to the entire population," the report said. 

Completing maximum uptake of vaccinations in the homes "will maximize the safety and well-being of Ontario's LTC residents and staff," the report said.

Vaccine uptake among long-term care staff was at 68 per cent as of March 5 -- lower than the reported vaccination intention rate of 80 per cent among unionized workers, the report noted. 

Closing the vaccination gap among workers is "essential," the report said, and may require communication as well as financial supports like paid time off, transportation to a vaccination site and sick leave in case people miss work due to side-effects. 

Researchers also noted that "a substantial number" of Ontario long-term care residents may have already achieved some immunity to COVID-19 due to previous infection. 

That might have increased apparent vaccine effectiveness when compared with the unvaccinated control population living in the community, they said. 

This report by The Canadian Press was first published March 8, 2021.

Document CPR0000020210308eh3800fct




U.S. Senator Tina Smith Says Senate-Passed Pension Relief Package Stops Drastic Cuts Looming for 22,000 Minnesota Retirees; Senator Says Pension Fix Will Bolster Retirement Security for More Than 1 Million Americans; Sen. Tina Smith (D-MN) News Release

504 words
7 March 2021
Congressional Documents and Publications
CONGDP
English
(c) 2021 Federal Information & News Dispatch, Inc. 

WASHINGTON, D.C. [3/6/21]--U.S. Senator Tina Smith (D-Minn.) said the $1.9 trillion COVID-19 relief package passed by the Senate today includes a key measure to bolster the solvency of the multiemployer pension system and prevent drastic cuts to pensions earned by more than 22,000 Minnesotans. The measure passed today stems from Sen. Smith's years-long push to help the more than 1 million workers and retirees nationwide--including more than 22,000 Minnesotans--who had been facing deep cuts to their hard-earned pensions.

Sen. Smith said without the action from Congress, the more than 22,000 Minnesotans who paid into Central States Pension Fund, as well as a total of more than 1 million retirees nationwide who are part of various multi-employer pension funds, would have seen their pensions drastically cut, in some cases by up to 90%. The relief plan, passed Saturday, will help ensure that pension benefits for workers and their families will be fully protected and workers can enjoy the retirements they earned.

"The economic crisis caused by the coronavirus pandemic hit already-struggling pension plans hard and threatened to upend retirement security for 22,000 hard-working Minnesotans who are part of the Central States Pension Fund. These workers put in long hours for many years, and were promised that when they retired, the pension funds that they paid into during their working years would be there for them," said Sen. Smith, a member of the Senate Labor and Pensions Committee. "The COVID-19 relief package which passed today will not only help ensure that they have the secure retirement they've earned, but also that we shore up pension systems across the country that millions of working Americans rely upon."

Senator Smith said the relief package would provide about $80 billion in direct assistance to more than 100 financially struggling pension plans through the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp (PBGC), which provides a safety net for the nation's pension plans.

In 2018, Sen. Smith was one of just eight Senators named to a bipartisan committee on pension solvency, where she worked with Minnesota retirees to fix the struggling Central States fund and to improve the solvency of multiemployer pension funds across the country. She was also a key supporter of the Butch Lewis Act, a measure aimed at protecting the pensions of retirees in Minnesota and across the country. The pension fix passed Saturday was based on that legislation. After Senate passage Saturday, the rescue plan will be sent to the House, before it goes to President Biden, who is expected to sign it into law.

Read this original document at: https://www.smith.senate.gov/us-senator-tina-smith-says-senate-passed-pension-relief-package-stops-drastic-cuts-looming-22000

Document CONGDP0020210309eh370008c

Search Summary

 Text
wc=504
     Date
01/01/2000 to 01/10/2022
     Source
All Sources
     Author
All Authors
     Company
All Companies
     Subject
Personal Finance Or Family Finance
     Industry
All Industries
     Region
Australia Or New Zealand Or United Kingdom Or United States Or Canada Or Scandinavia
     Language
English
     Results Found
1,505
     Timestamp
25 October 2022 2:17 PM
    
